You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , the most read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer or with leather clothes , and no one has ever chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a epiphany usually is something that fell down somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of <unk> circle that I 'm going to talk to you about .
My circle started in the 1960s in the 1960s , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class of class .
When she was beating it every week in the boys ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life when she saved the teachers ' bathroom .
I did it secret .
Three years , for three years .
And I had to leave the city .
I had an thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half of the night I got a phone call from that master 's phone , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned that adults never get to know .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that man who I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to take you through this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , <unk> , and take care of their family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know her as an adult came to me , he became a box of ash , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about it was made in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I saved her .
And you know that part of life needs all the rest of life .
It really needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that today there was a lot about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected .
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago , and there I saw my first beat .
I was amazed .
My heart can fast , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
And I did n't get you around the water , almost 60 meters , and I could n't think it was a snowflake on another snowflake a year after year .
<unk> are born when they fall off the glaciers or break down the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up and hold into the end , while others ca n't stand it more and they would become a dramatic amount of passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see an iceberg that are isolated apart and alone , largely as we see us sometimes as humans .
But reality is the opposite .
As an iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a eardrum melts an iceberg , rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I come up to photograph these things as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that these unique moments exist in that way and wo n't come back in that way again .
It 's not death when it leaves ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
And some of the ice of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are from an iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unusual to actually get a rolling iceberg .
Here you have it .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your baseline .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the boat has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is an Greenland from Greenland , average size .
<unk> of water about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so just just said , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby , a baby . Okay .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the sperm chromosome joins the egg X chromosome .
And in the other case , the sperm chromosome joins the egg X chromosome .
Both of them turn on and start life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my life , I gave two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian by training and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- -- to say , human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body , what have thought about the body .
The other role in my work is an activist , as a patient advocate or , as I say sometimes , advocate <unk> of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've been working with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within one body .
I 've been working with people with <unk> ; people are much lower than average .
And I 've been working with many cases of people with an outlier , individuals whose physical principles do n't fit into male schemes and conventional female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes many ways .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that 's not going into the forms of male or female forms .
For example , there is the case of the individual with <unk> based on the chromosome from the chromosome and tells the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which are testicles .
And then , in the fetal life , the testes are made testosterone .
But because this individual has none of testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction .
As a consequence , the body develops by a typically female course .
When it 's born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing and developing breast breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes something 's going on .
And then you do test tests realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus actually have testes and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man , but it 's actually not that way .
Women , as men , we have in the body , something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the hormone <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider myself a typical woman ; it does n't know their <unk> structure ; I think to be a typical woman , most women as I am sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to the <unk> .
As a consequence , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> than the woman who was born with testes , who has <unk> syndrome .
So sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way , they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old born , and raised as a male ; he had a girlfriend , she had a life like boy , and he had just found that he had ovaries and uterus .
I had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> .
And he had an 20th chromosomes , and in the womb <unk> glands were so active that , essentially , created a hormone hormone environment .
As a consequence , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone component typically male .
He was born with a kid ; no one suspicion anything .
And it was at the age of 19 when he started having a medical problem by menstruation , when doctors found that , in fact , it was a woman in fact .
Well , another example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , you have tissue to wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are -- whether they are dwarfed , <unk> twins , or <unk> , <unk> surgery , not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they 're <unk> in various surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings to a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black is to say to have an African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you get a body that shows something quite different , we have trouble with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic wines concept .
Imagine how surprising it is to have children that are born as two people within one body .
The most high top of last year is last year with South African runner ; he put his sex cloth in the Berlin <unk> in Berlin .
Many journalists called the question to ask me , `` What test are you going to do to determine whether <unk> <unk> is man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there 's no such a test .
In fact , now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or men and <unk> and <unk> ; we are all who map that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we move to science , we have to admit that these categories , that we thought were categories of stable anatomical categories -- are much more inclusive than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
So let 's look at , for example , that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What do you think about the fact of <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in science , we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles in the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to set a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> of when somebody 's considered to be dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this issue of whether someone was dead .
As long as they put a pen in front of their nose , and if he moved still , not yet .
If I stopped moving it up .
But today , we can , for example , extracting life cells from a body and put them in another body .
And as a consequence , we have to address a dilemma to really determine someone 's death dilemma , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And maybe think that this explosion of categories could be celebrating someone like me .
In politics I 'm progressive , I 'm afraid of people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets nervous .
<unk> that these categories are much more unstable than we thought I 've ever thought of .
It 's <unk> from the point of view of the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the Founding fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious , and so radical in what they did , that I find each of the watching that musical <unk> music , and not by the music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's because of what happened in 1776 with the Founding fathers .
The Founding Fathers were , for me , the first anatomy of anatomy and explain why .
What they 'd been rejected by was an anatomic concept , and I would plug it with another one that was radical and beautiful , and they kept for 200 years .
And , as you all remember , what our Fathers were rejected was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
Now , the monarchs are in the old world did n't know the DNA , but they were clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming in the political power for the father 's right , and then the son , etc .
The Founding fathers have rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They would take the field of play and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic differences . That was a very radical thing .
And they were partly doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was happening to democracy and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the Founding fathers , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> out of the supernatural explanations and therefore rejected the concept of supernatural power that was passed by a vague idea of the right of birth .
They were moving towards a naturalist concept .
And if you look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talked about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And we were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And , by doing so , they were laid out the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about it that way , but they did it , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then came the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color who are getting rid of an anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference , and again they succeeded .
We see the same thing with the <unk> Movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some divisions divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights that a human .
I do n't mean that we should be <unk> in the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that the five-year-old would be allowed to have sex or marry .
There are some repository of wonder that for me make sense , and I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep them and whether they keep sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two creatures at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before , the June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born on the term : The March 1 , 1980 .
For the only fact that Mary was born three months before Mary are attributed to every rights for three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for everything not because she has a different biological age , but because he was born after .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , at virtue of being considered man , if I did n't tell you if it 's <unk> , at virtue of being considered to be a man now is <unk> from the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry .
Mary , because he does n't have the same rights to marriage , that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman , only in some states .
So they still persist in anatomical categories that in various ways are underfunded and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went through so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escapes .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a moment has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice they do n't do tests to people .
But this is also very strange because the story I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his `` I assembled I team '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based on the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yeah , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that we should be involved in this to empower rights to people , because I 'm going to admit that I know about some <unk> that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some people I know that you can make more informed , intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships that people from 40 to know .
So how do you put the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to drive this current thinking current of thinking about democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we 're going to make a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian that a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless he is willing to have sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like a surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that I had made to give birth twins to then pick it up to then pick them up and then grow their fame .
But when the phone was asked , the reason for the operation was a <unk> operation , he said , in that other country , these kids would be so abused and therefore had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , has considered the political asylum instead of a surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are <unk> to change the state of the state .
So I think we have to be on the head .
Well , to conclude , I mean I 've been talking a lot about my parents .
And I want to think about what democracy would be like , or as it might have been , if we would have given greater participation to the Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and I think that you can have different ideas from different anatomical beach , in particular if there are people thinking about them .
For years , since I 've been interested in the <unk> , I 've also been interested in studying sexual difference .
And one of the things that 's been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and to operate in the world .
And what we know about today 's studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> , they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and care of those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism , I was regarded as a feminist , like <unk> , made me a strange argument .
`` Tell me what he has female feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've heard .
Feminism has to get rid of gender stereotypes , so there 's no woman in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about the question , the more I 've been talking about that there 's a female thing about feminism .
That is , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the fathers were very attentive to find the way to protect people from the state , it 's possible to have to have gotten more Mothers to this concept , maybe we would have been enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy : to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So , as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we do with each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go live and work , they have the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count in a single city willing to <unk> them .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth a lot more than their building cost .
So we could easily bring to the world dozens , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they simply went through buildings buildings .
Imagine that half of those who would want to live in apartments , they were already owners and the other half even had to do it .
You might try to increase the ability to make its ability to grow up in all existing buildings .
But you know the problem that you 're going to do is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the discomfort and the distractions of building .
So it would be very difficult to do all those <unk> .
But they could go to a totally new place , build a building of entirely new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place will be built in the building instead of bringing block .
So I proposed that governments were able to bring new reform zones in big enough reform , and I gave them a name : <unk> cities .
I later learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year around 75,000 <unk> will come from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras spent a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> are imposed with a platform in which promised reforms and the same time reconciliation .
He asked him to be her chief cabinet boss .
Meanwhile , I was preparing for a talk to TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a lot of tests with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , such as those rules that say that you ca n't go and upset every single apartment in apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to the new technologies , but it takes both of technologies like making progress , and usually they are the rules that keep us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
And they said , `` Let me tell the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a hotel room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their currency cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York City . Look , land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where you start with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that will be transferred there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he said that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the path for our country to advance .
He asked me to go and talk about the four and five of January .
So I showed another talk full of data , which included an image like this , that I was trying to explain that to get a lot of value to a city , this has to be very large .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport it covers over 100 kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a place which is about about 1,000 square miles .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The public faces were really serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for his talk , but maybe we could see the video of the Talk .
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained how essential a city can provide new options for people .
There would be a choice of a city that you might go to be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away from the North .
And they also include new options for leaders .
Because the government leaders of Honduras would need help from countries associated , they could benefit from the countries associated with them , they could benefit from the countries that will help them establish and make the rules of the charter , so that they could all trust the charter that the charter will be done .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could cover a thousand square miles .
And shortly afterwards , the 19th of January , voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow them to create these special regions of development .
In a country that had just passed through this painful crisis , voting in Congress for this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All parties , all the factions in the society , the supported .
To <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17th , again , again in another voting , from 114 one .
Immediately after the vote , from 21 at 24 , an delegation in about 30 <unk> went to two places in the world that are most interested in engaging in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after spent four years and getting the permissions .
The other most interested country in cities is Singapore .
In fact , we 've built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this as practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow those administrators to come , and then allow those managers to operate under an external legal system .
A country has committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the ultimate court for this new judicial system .
There are <unk> urban planners and local cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know you 've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants .
There are many companies who want to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
There are 700 million people in the world who say they 'd like to be changed immediately to another place .
There 's a million to the year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go and get a job ; they 're sometimes unmarried mothers who have to earn money for just eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are children who are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all around the world ?
What do you think about insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing for attracting new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm a <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it 's that I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , to photograph and publish on my blog and bold , colorful , different for each time .
But I did n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is a second hand of <unk> markets and second hand stores .
Oh , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I go to meet people who are <unk> , usually my money goes to a good cause ; my aspect is unique ; and buying it becomes my personal quest for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it about my size ?
I 'm going to like the color ?
Would it cost about 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought it seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
What I 've put in for a week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after getting here to Palm Springs .
And because I do n't know about the woman who walks for TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you a few of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure to not use new gear .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You almost always see it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the whole set , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
So Monday , the color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be wrong with humor , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you 're not just going to understand you , you 'll also get rid of it .
<unk> : <unk> from the child that you take in .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to be play to the costumes , or I remind them to remember their little seven .
I like to tell you , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you look good with something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't think about it , it probably is true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years that I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you do n't look at you that you can not attract .
So there is no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing one and unique style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week simply by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
This is obviously not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things back .
I do n't need any emotionally <unk> of these things , because around the corner , there will always be another little suit , colorful , brilliant <unk> , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart , and I 'm looking for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you take a scale to measure the fitness in each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you make your brain on this scale ?
Some of these extremes , but I think that for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that they 're mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just as most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need pretty logic we need to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need quite intuition to make experiments really work .
How we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're putting to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A intuition that you can have developed over the years is that it says that one thing can be only in a place at a time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar .
It was a little boy , and he did n't do it very well , he always fell down .
But I bet that I 'm going to play that bar in that parking bar , taught it a valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and to stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a physicist physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , play with these strange particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really bizarre things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point was the physics of a few years ago , you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen it .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But they did n't fit it right to my logic .
Because if it 's all made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And therefore I would feel a lot better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that has been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try and see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we do a good approach to the little metal <unk> .
What we 're looking at is a little bit of metal , and it 's a springboard , and it 's a springboard and a platform on a platform .
And then I did this almost in the same way that you would make a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the great machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in <unk> that is below the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but for it needs a little help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how awkward it is to be in an elevator full elevator .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll stop doing those things , because I do n't want to bother them , or actually frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> objects of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines and the wind that goes on on the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little metal piece to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
<unk> the lights , and then we introduced a vacuuming , and we pulled out all the air , and then we cool it down to a lower temperature of a degree above zero zero .
Now , by being on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free of acting as it wants .
So we measured their movements .
We found it was moving in very strange ways .
Instead of being perfectly still , it was vibrating . And the way that it was <unk> was like an breathing like this -- as a bellows that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving it a soft drive , we were able to make it <unk> , and that we do n't get to at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and do n't make it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , every trillions of metal that make up that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time those atoms are moving up to the top and down .
It 's just at certain points when those string up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that all the metal piece is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was <unk> in a clean room in a clean room to do this for all of those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one atom , and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that metal piece may be in two different places , why not you ?
I mean , it 's my logic that talks about .
So imagine if you were in a number of places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights up and we looked inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I was able to get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects on the elevator in reality are just quantum objects that are just reaching up in a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
That 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all of the things that around you are literally define who you are , and that 's the deep weirdness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And then 18 months ago , I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that he 's here and allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations , stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did it .
I think my own story is explaining simply on this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
I did n't have access to a great education -- but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
I 'd better show you the demo of the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we 've taken from their launch .
So , simply , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around all the museums there are .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , the <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways to do that -- very simple .
We click , and <unk> ! We 're inside the museum .
It does n't matter where you are , Mumbai or <unk> , that really does n't matter .
You move around and you have fun .
They want to navigate the museum ?
We open up the top , and , with one click , we jumped in .
They 're inside , they want to go at the end of the aisle .
Go ahead . That <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata data .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there ; but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you really do with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom in in a very simple way .
You see some fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
I walked in and found that the kids were actually playing something .
And I did a little research , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to hit a <unk> with a <unk> on Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even deeper into a depth , and you 'll see that you can really get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull out the image , you really see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump back at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The <unk> . ''
The example I showed you was to find details .
But what if you want to see the brush ?
And if you want to see how Gogh is actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` the night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it like this before .
Let me show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that gives the same .
You can online your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we come in , and -- I 've created this function that I call `` The <unk> of zooming , '' we just zooming in and zooming around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things up , send your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at looking at these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all amazing things do n't come from Google .
No , in my view , even of the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice to its artwork , and it 's represented appropriately online .
And the great question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good evening everybody .
I have something to show you .
Think of it that 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I 'm showing you this is that it has happened to be very interesting about Formula 1 racing in the last two decades .
So some time ago , if you wanted to win a race of Formula 1 , I would take a budget and you 'd put it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot was good enough , you win the career .
This is what , in engineering , we have a real-time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to go into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're getting computers to open .
And , like that , they 're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and be detected .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
As you can tell aside that cities are only two percent of the cortex on the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond cities , all of these detections , and we actually are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of Exploring <unk> for purposes of MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` Talk to me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start speaking to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all existing atoms become sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outer environment .
In some sense , it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo was carved the Moses , and he said that at the end , he took the hammer , and he was threw it out to the Moses , and you can still see a little twist a little bit , and he said , `` Oh , let 's call it ? '' ( Why do n't you talk ? ''
Well , today , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- <unk> in the idea of taking the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer hopefully 2006 .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember it , they played Italy and France , and at the end , he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I won in Italy .
Now let 's look at what happened that day by looking at the activity of anger in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is on the top .
At the early afternoon , there are people here , and there are calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a call , and they go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
Italy , yes !
That night everybody was to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of the time .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman time , people are going to celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how today you measure the city 's pulse in a way that we would n't have been able to do a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and we consume .
We now know everything about the background of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the trash in its shift through the system .
We started with a few volunteers who 've helped us in Seattle over a year ago , to tag what they were shedding ; different kinds of things , as you can see , things that I 'm going to anyway do .
Then we put a little chip , a tag on the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results .
So from Seattle .
After a week .
With this information , we realized that there are many inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same thing with a lot less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
There 's complicated things happening , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing that we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we dropped , it does n't go away , which is still somewhere on the planet .
That if the plastic bottle that we drop it on a day still remains there .
That if we show that to people , then we will be able to promote any behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague of MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about sensing and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and the south of Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public space , in architecture .
And the question was , how can the technology be , the new technology , to join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine that you have a trunk and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> that open and closing .
It was created as a curtain of water , with water pixels .
If you fall down the pixels , you can write on them , show patterns , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can go , as you see in the picture .
We introduced this to the mayor <unk> .
She liked a lot of her liked .
And they set up a commission to design the building to the supper .
We call it the Digital Water Challenge .
The whole building is made of water .
There are no windows or windows , but when you 're coming up , it opens up so that you can go .
The ceiling is also covered with water .
And if you have a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you lower the roof .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , as in this case .
Those days there will always be somebody , in the winter , when you go down the roof , someone who was there and he said , `` Let 's build the building . ''
No , it 's not that they have demolished , but when it comes down almost all of the architecture .
This is how it 's working .
You see people who 's going on for what 's going on inside .
And here I am trying to do n't get wet by proving the sensors that open water .
I think I should tell you what happened a night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was n't a building that would open to leave you , but a building that kept doing cuts and holes in water and you had to jump to get wet .
( <unk> noise ) And for us , it was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think of using people to give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections on them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine that you could have little little helicopters in the air , and that each one had a small pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , moving with others in sync .
This is the cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the missing position .
You can play a different kind .
Imagine that the screen appears on different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that would be a <unk> cloud where you can zoom in , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to form a V , as before .
When the light goes on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them being controlled by a person .
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers in today , the star of New York and La Scala <unk> to capture their movements in 3D and use them as input to <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , it captures it in different resolutions .
It 's both 3D digitization in real time as motion capture .
It can go through the whole movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry to <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a farm of <unk> as a barn share , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could make all of them a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we moved from the physical world to the digital world .
We have digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign will <unk> us , we can move from the digital world , of power self-organizing , the physical world .
In our case , this can we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But it can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how to go from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but it 's covered in pixels .
You can move through , you can have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and can be used as a way of connection to the community .
So , it 's a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can go into there .
As if it was a new digital <unk> at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than you are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only one changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- by more precise , more exact and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in a better way , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and more secure .
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe it 's about those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like you ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Audience : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Raise your hand . Let me see .
Few of them , it probably had to be the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many of you would pick the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most . That makes me feel good as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or might it be possible ?
Evolution has been a theme here at the TED Conference , but I want to give you a look at a doctor about the topic .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense of Evolution except for Evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this : is it just the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , it 's , of course , the more we care about .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees makes about six or eight million years ago .
At the interval , there have been maybe 20 , 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and come back .
We 've been here for about <unk> years .
We might seem that we 're very far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of the human insulin using diabetes ?
This is not like the human insulin , but it 's the same protein , which is chemically indistinguishable from that that comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all carry in the gut , the more bacteria that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , do you think -- when Antonio Damasio asked you about the <unk> -- think of bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide them all the nutrients that you can want no effort on their part .
It 's really like a rapid route for bacteria with occasional disruption of some rush to output .
But for others , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony <unk> of the universe , life on Earth is just like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , like a single and unique <unk> -- and human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the fun part of this talk , so I hope they 've loved it .
When I was <unk> to college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : in most existence of life , in organisms , each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell that 's transmitted to the two daughters of the cell .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
He goes into the scene of sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome is happening , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes in evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death for sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at the time , but with every year I had more and more doubt .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , which was still performing in Vegas well in their 90s .
And one night , someone hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , he 's a wonderful mild dancer for his clothes .
He looks at it and he says , `` I came in search of a sex soup .
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working on a different goal of evolution , not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted you to ask us healthy .
I wanted to get health in the disease .
I wanted you to live more and healthier .
Evolution is about changing the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view you and I are as <unk> rockets to send the genetic load to the next level , and then let us fall into the sea .
I think we would all understand the feeling that expressed Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to achieve it not dying . ''
Evolution does not necessarily favors longevity .
It 's not necessarily caring for the biggest or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest .
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment .
That 's the only test for survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , dry fish in the vacuum , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that you do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we have known to preserve vast amounts of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made our environment fit so that they fit to us as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we were so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the <unk> necessary for evolution to happen .
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional , natural type , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when we as an <unk> planets are going to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , a attractive , intriguing possibility and terrifying .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but sadly , and by us as individuals in the decisions we will .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
First of all , consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you pick up on the individual and family level .
Think of it as well as possible possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring , but in your own body to make the genetic modifications to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could do genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminating the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years .
<unk> million dollars .
The following year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a close cost to $ 20,000 and something about a week .
Not a lot to be a reality that gives you the human genome for 1,000 dollars and more and more at all .
Those changes come from .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to disagree against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's not a experimental trial in the course of the flu vaccine that 's developed in cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine a good thing going out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
So imagine just two other small changes .
Can you change the cells from their bodies , but if they could change the cells from their offspring ?
What if you could change sperm and eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and giving your children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminate diabetes , eliminating the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want to do healthier children ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow you to take <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Ken Jennings on all if you were able to join the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a <unk> muscle that allows us to run faster and further away ?
Why do n't you live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this into the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want will have become the evolution of before the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that would normally take 100 thousand years , and we can compress it at 1,000 years and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have to them .
Are we going to use these options on <unk> of a better , more successful society , more considered ?
Or are we going to take selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust or more robust ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to face .
And the deepest thing about everything : Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think , these options are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine an airplane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Well , I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already taken off the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
It 's <unk> the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noise .
And then three words said .
The three of three words you 've heard of .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before they die , these things we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people who wanted to come and did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I wanted to have and never had .
As I thought about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'll open it up .
I do n't want to lose anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we were <unk> the bridge George Washington , which was n't for a long -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and with my mistakes , I have tried to improve all I did .
But in my humanity , I also give up to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted on things that did n't matter with people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as <unk> in that , I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels like wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I would be happy .
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes off , 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as I <unk> , I had the sensation of , wow , die is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been dealing with it all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness would be taken into a single thought , which is , just a thing .
I wish I could see my kids grow .
One month later , I was in a performance of my daughter , first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still , and I scream , cry , like a small one .
And for me , that was the whole reason of being the world .
At that point I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
Because of all , the only goal that I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was <unk> a miracle , not to die that day .
And I was given another gift , which was the ability to look at the future and back and live in another way .
You 're flying today , the challenge to imagine that the same thing is going on on your plane -- and please not be this -- but imagine , and how do you change ?
What would you do , you still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationship change and negative energy in them ?
And the most important thing , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most cool one I worked was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> .
One day he came to his house after running and said , `` Dad , I feel sisters on the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today we have total paralysis today .
It can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , graffiti is very intricate that we admire and respect in the art world .
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and his cause .
So I went and met her brother and his father and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are they going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to communicate with him , and he will be able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` One second , is n't that he saw Stephen <unk> , is n't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be somebody important and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Did you see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly . ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're getting marking <unk> with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead of that signed a check that had no idea how he was going to cover .
I committed to her brother and his father there at the very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make his art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much on their inner ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked at a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research , '' which has a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then with a laser pointer , you draw over that and recorded negative space .
So they go around making art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
First of all , you start with sex organs , then with bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start to make art .
But there was always a cycle of life on its presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year after a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of a lot of it , we had done a couple of things .
One , we touch the doors of insurance companies , and we got a machine so that we could get able to communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking 's .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call it <unk> because I 'm talking to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't ? This guy 's fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world 's <unk> world to our home .
My wife , children and I , moved to the garage , and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought we were doing something totally stupid , and that when we would have taken the squares out of the walls and instead I would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the philosophy of Venice , my son was part , my dog also , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> . And you can see the description .
These are a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the 9/11 ride in Venice Beach , some copper wire and things from Home <unk> and Radio Shack .
So we took a <unk> camera , we open it up , we put it on an LED light , and there 's a device that 's free -- and we put it yourself ; we published the code to filter the software down for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says `` no . ''
There 's no hospital that can say `` no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much for you . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is another person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after over a year of planning , two weeks of planning , two weeks of programming , all night , Tony went back to drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and is looking through the support system of your life .
We ran the bed so that I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall in the outside of the hospital .
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends , and you can imagine what the feeling of the parking lot was .
The funny thing was that we had to bust in the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti too .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said to us , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been under the water , and somebody finally came to <unk> and take me off there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> <unk> .
Someone with this artistic potential deserve a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The awards were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , and it was really great .
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up from closing the <unk> is that in April of this year at the University of Los Angeles , in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art . ''
And `` Art in the <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , nothing was possible at some point .
Make it possible -- anything like this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology -- I just recognized something , and I 'm excited with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel like to do . If it is n't now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in which it 's often very difficult and at the same time as dangerous as dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Bear in areas of war , difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days , eating only this -- a little bit difficult in the middle , very dangerous in the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career I 've been looking at in some horrible situations with the only goal of trying to look at social issues , and looking at social issues in ways that are attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that look useful and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was going to come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and patronage wanted to do something a little bit differently .
So , some of you may have heard , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took an warning in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I volunteered for the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What I 'd been following was the following : `` <unk> Your TEDTalk is that I 'm not aware of what and content could be treated in the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous , you or your company to do that .
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree on progress , by the way .
So yet , with that realization that someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you would have asked me a year ago , I would n't have to tell you with certainty .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we looked at the world of marketing , in advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be preparing me , and something that 's so difficult or as dangerous as you get into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that 's about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that everything filmed with <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call `` The largest <unk> ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The largest movie ever sold , '' is that everything from the top at the bottom , it has brand pictures , all the time -- from the <unk> that comes in before the title , the brand X .
Now this brand , <unk> dogs , the <unk> Center .
These people were going to be filmed by the film , forever .
And so the film explores this whole idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . ) Is it what ? ( MK : It 's redundant . ''
I 'm a bait . ( MK : I 'm just saying . ) It was more for emphasis .
It was `` A forever . To always . ''
But we 're not just going to have the brand of the X-ray mark on the title , but we 're going to make sure that all of categories we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it gets the most cool shoe that you 've used ...
The most cool car that you 've driven in `` The largest movie ever sold , '' the best drink you 've ever been drinking , <unk> from `` The largest <unk> ever . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , in addition to showing the brands as part of life , making them get the film ? ( MS : Doing <unk> the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The complete film goal is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , beginning to end .
And I would love to be able to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the best respect for the audience .
<unk> : But I do n't know how responsive it is going to be the people .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` Yeah , '' it 's very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make it ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does it have to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( DC : All right . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard the meeting with them , but it certainly is going to be worth convincing to a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out , we 'll see us as a lot of merry idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But will it be difficult to sell it , by the film or to be me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... means you 're not very optimistic .
So they help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge ) When you look at the people you have to treat ...
MK : We have some places to go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` turn out the camera , '' meant we have a conversation outside the microphone .
<unk> the camera means , `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And that was , one by one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , making so many people look like it could be possible .
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media , is n't the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy of attention that 's going to take the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error and that error was this .
Actually , no , there was no error .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been good .
But the problem was what this picture represents .
See , when you look for pictures of <unk> on Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
So this was the problem : transparency -- free from simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen , which is characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name , the President of the name , even the CEOs are named .
But all of a sudden when it comes to making it really , something changes .
But why ? Well , transparency days fear -- like that weird bear that still follows .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's too risky .
What else is a risky thing ?
We had a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to business and telling you , we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want you to tell you about the story .
We want you to tell a story , but tell them to make a story . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me on a lie -- and there he was looking at me , like , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story ; it 's my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just a company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> about many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to take off the dialogue and go to the businesses myself with all my team .
So what I started to warn you from a sudden -- that I started to realize is that when you start talking to companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big films , huge , giant films and others who make small movies , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood movies , they say the reason why their films are so successful is due to the brands they have .
And then my friends who make independent movies , they say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest <unk> ever sold . ''
So how are we going to look specifically at character in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time during an interview , I can say , `` Are you good for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You get a little nervous .
I want to help you get to you .
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there he would offer one of these great gifts .
So much `` <unk> <unk> '' as `` <unk> of paradise , '' they 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have a lot of man for a woman , solid , to <unk> , in bar , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at <unk> .
Frank Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of smaller films that you 've ever had ; we 're rather a competing brand .
So we do n't have the budget that they have other brands .
So doing things like this , you know , remind people to tell people is the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe anywhere ?
That 's in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : Technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talked about something bold , fresh .
I think that `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat the smell and the sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do you keep you fresh , better and more freshness , more freshness , three times more fresh .
Things like those who highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man from the street , people like me , to the ordinary <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Hmm .
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : Move the '80s , <unk> punk unless it is a laundry day .
MS : All right , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : No one . ( MS : No one ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark street .
I like a lot of dark colors , lots of gray and things like that .
I usually wear accessories as sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the similar ones .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I would call him casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : On a hippie part , in part of <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the type of pet .
We 're taking toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little section , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because <unk> .
Man 5 : We have <unk> <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be brand a Tom , but I often miss myself at the intersection of dark <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed someone who would enter my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality .
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discovering that personality .
If they were able to do it , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from , and start in a place , and in my case you come from my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts and feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I wanted to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about `` why '' -- what does that serve us ?
What 's the machete ? What 's the <unk> of you now ?
Why is it important ? What does the red represent ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little more than you are not who you are .
What else have you had ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of mountain are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) <unk> .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of crazy things about this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , your brand personality -- Dr. Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They 're getting very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are only going to take place in one of their strengths , or in the other rather than focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to do , and it 's <unk> nature to avoid things that are n't safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually stand up with you , and you make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can see also here to Target , Wii , experimented with Mini , <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful brands and brands conscious , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is something quite powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to make your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a top-down attribute ? You 're somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you rather a downward attribute ?
A little bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are like being playful as the Prncipe , contemporary , contemporary , bold , bold or audacious , or bold , <unk> , rapid or agile , profane , <unk> , magical or mystic .
Or are you rather than a downward attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
You 're a set , traditional , provider , protector ? Do you identify with Oprah ?
You are reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , uneducated , contemplative , wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies and bottom-up and descending , which said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the end product .
We were to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire centers in the brain as much for business marketing as for film .
We went to San Paulo where they 've banned publicity in the air .
Throughout the entire city for the past five years there are no <unk> , there 's no <unk> , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts where businesses are becoming a way in schools with currency problems in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I 've had the greatest answer or the ones that I 've been more successful is those I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They went to the <unk> , they took their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies have no best interest in mind .
I 'm going to deal with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , who will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did they have gone ? Would they succeed ?
Well , since the film was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions for this film .
This is just a period of two and a half weeks ago .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because it 's almost all the donor agencies that we talked about to their customers not to be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that those risks are opportunities .
I think when you bring people out of that , it 's pushing them to failure .
I think that when you train their employees at risk aversion is preparing their entire company to do a reward .
I feel that what has to happen to advance is that we have to encourage people to take chance .
We need to encourage people to do not be afraid of the opportunities that they can do .
Ultimately , going forward , I think we have to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . They 're taking the risk .
From a <unk> at a time , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to house transparency .
Today , more than a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk `` <unk> The Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who per $ Army 's rights bought in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> great data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> shows present `` Transparency . ''
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those old dollars ?
MS : It 's a remarkable question .
In my pocket , I have a check from the name of TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for names to be applied to my TED care next year .
The idea behind the computer 's computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of <unk> <unk> in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are in real time control systems .
If we managed to engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Windows on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We start with a Windows Windows .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started researching Stuxnet about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part : <unk> used multiple <unk> <unk> .
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes , these <unk> systems .
So that called us attention , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what was going on with this .
So they went very strange .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a laboratory rat that he did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And then to experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , this is a headed attack .
It 's completely run . ''
The <unk> is looking for actively in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working at that place .
If you do n't , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It might be , say , for example , a power plant plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
You 'd better go to the goal soon .
So we pulled out and we took the code of attack , and we discovered that he was structured on two digital bombs : a small one .
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information .
We 're going to get all the points for you to attack .
You probably even know how much the operator fits the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that Stuxnet in Stuxnet is complex and high technology , let me tell you : the load is very complex .
It 's very above everything we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this code of attack .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old linguistic language .
I want to tell you how we could find a sense of this code .
What we were looking at at the beginning was called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking at <unk> and data structures , and we tried to deal with the real world , with potential potential targets in the world .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it is definitely a violent entrepreneur , and it 's been a valuable white , and it 's surely located in Iran , because it 's where most infections have been <unk> .
You do n't find a number of thousands of goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's take a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them , and I was able to see them in an effort to bring their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
The rotor is that mobile part of the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can be <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is the goal of attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious bit of effort to bring back to the maintenance engineers , so that they could n't solve this quickly .
We 're trying to figure out the big digital <unk> looking very close to data and their structures .
So , for example , the <unk> number shows up in that code , you ca n't get it .
I started looking at scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> , and found that they are structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided in 15 parts of the days .
And guess what did we find in the attack code ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands .
For there is no misunderstanding : it was n't .
The results have been taken from several weeks of hard work .
It 's normally <unk> at dead ends and we had to go back .
And yet , we discovered that both digital warheads were pointed to one single , same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
So , in sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the intended intended thing is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about the other goals that are <unk> by Stuxnet .
Here 's some very interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false input data .
And believe it or not , these fake input data are <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's kind of like the Hollywood movies where , during the robbery , the security chamber is feeding <unk> .
Is it great eh ?
The idea here is obviously not only <unk> the operators in the entire room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is to do a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in an energy plant , when the steam turbine is going on speed , you have to open escape valves in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't do it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're committed , then they can make bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And it 's not the <unk> and the security system .
That scares you .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium .
It could work too , for example , in a power plant , or a car factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have , like attacker , to disseminate this load with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology of worms to <unk> .
It would be possible .
And if you made that , with what you 're doing with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We need to deal with the consequences , and we need to start preparing now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , has been public on many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and I 'll give you <unk> skills , or another one that makes users of lawn chairs and put it back and flip .
In <unk> <unk> , we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's not anything different from something that you put in the morning , give you a big force , which is also increasing its speed , and it helps you , for example , to handle the balance .
It 's actually the real integration of man and machine .
But not just that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other foreign entities .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now in what we 're working on , we started to talk about the American soldier that , on average , should take on their back a <unk> charge , and they 're pushing it even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications in the back , in 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage .
We decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> <unk> Human <unk> Human
Soldier : With the exoskeleton , I can carry 90 kilos for variable land for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to put a lot of crawling and execute with great agility .
So what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then you get my strength up and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the users of lawn chairs about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people , roughly , on the wheelchair , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talked about something that happens often , very young people , with the spinal cord of the column that when they start their life -- 20 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that gets older that it multiplied up quickly .
Her only option , many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been like this for the last 500 years , from their successful emergence , as I must recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> , who was 19 , had an injury in the column , and as a result could n't walk back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
Not invasive on crutches to send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There 's also a bunch of batteries that give it energy to the motors , and on the knees , and they do it with this very , very natural , very natural , way .
AB : I had 24 years on the top of my life when , by a stranger jump in the air , skiing up costs below , paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all feeling and everything from the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you never come back to walk . ''
That was 19 years ago .
So it stole me to the last hint of hope for me to be .
The <unk> technology since then , I 've been allowed to learn how to scale it up in <unk> , climbing rocks and even ride a bicycle bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the life of future generations -- not just from soldiers , but Amanda , and all the car chairs , all of them .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret to human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> Man festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet your cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo forests .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , which lived about six million years ago .
Now chimpanzees are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made too much emphasis on this aspect of our narratives of human evolution .
But bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas the chimps are dominated dominated by very large types , frightening , the Bonobo society is in charge of females .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where the mortal violence is still not observed .
But unfortunately , bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary land of an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- the stage of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction is also <unk> the survival of the Bonobo .
The hunting meat trade and the deforestation trade , you can not fill in a stadium or a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure that .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear laughter hidden in the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all of humanity 's problems because the most Bonobo 's life is more than the <unk> <unk> .
bonobos , like humans , they love to play along their lifetime .
Play is not just a kid 's game .
For us and for them , the game is critical to establish bonds and encourage tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and resilience , and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , behaviors , behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the game , you see the evolutionary roots of laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> game game , and I 'm not talking about football .
Here 's a female and a young male , in the middle of a persecution .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , `` It 's got a <unk> of the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves him , right ?
Yeah .
So sexual play is common as much in bonobos as humans .
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play , like <unk> and also how the game requires trust and promotes the confidence , and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can adopt many ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with the water that 's playing with .
I think , as she , sometimes we play alone , and we explored the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real hot warmth of creativity .
These are just little samples of the understanding that the Bonobo gives us our past and present .
But they also have a secret to our future , a future where we need to adapt to a more and more difficult world with greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> of adaptation .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we get to the peak of our game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
To bonobos and humans alike , life is not cruel and ruthless .
When it looks like the least appropriate to play , you can be the most urgent times in which it is the most urgent thing .
So , fellow primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together as we have creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of the captain in a <unk> body .
And in our city , where volunteers are concerned , you know , highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to enter into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But yet , there was a career on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at full night , she was standing out of rain , under an umbrella , in his pajamas , in his pajamas , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to go back and save the dog owner 's owner .
The dog ! I was jealous !
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people that I entered a burning building , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need one between the home .
I need to go up , put the fire , and I bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went on the stairs , at the end of the aisle , I went to the <unk> fire , and the more they had finished off the fire , and I went into the front room in search of a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load over the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog at the front door .
We got rid of the house care for the owner 's owner , where it was to wait , his treasure got a lot more attention than mine .
So a few weeks later , the department received a letter from the owner 's owner 's owner 's owner 's owner , and he 's been able to save their house .
The kindness that she watched by what else was that someone had reached a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling on Robin Hood , like my calling as a volunteer firefighter , I am a witness of acts of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of grace , grace and courage .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're by achieving , really remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you of this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to go through it now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They are mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have a chance to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence somebody 's life .
So I trained the game ; you get the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of concrete block .
The first concrete blocks were built in 1868 with a very simple idea : modules of concrete , a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build larger things than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at once .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , you were actually going to document this .
He was called the Machine assembly .
And in a few years , the LEGO bricks came to all home .
It 's been estimated that there 's been over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
They made it accessible .
Twelve just adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new block of building .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would lead us from a world of aesthetic bricks and <unk> each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows us to create much greater and more complex , brick to once .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just an expert .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of getting the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about everything is that they connect through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in a wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the stream , the rose is the input and the orange color is the wire .
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green one , and you can very quickly start to make bigger circuits .
A blue with a green one produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have an regulator regulator .
If we change the button by a heart module , which is here , and now we have a <unk> light .
We took this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connecting and screw , <unk> allows us to program using intuitive intuitive gestures .
To make it blink faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to join bricks and ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors , everything must be accessible .
We 've been given to the kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand electronics in every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a night light works , or why the gate of an elevator is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to the design schools .
So for example , designers have no experience in electronics , they start playing with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles , and felt , we have <unk> creating ...
So a few weeks ago , we took <unk> to the designers of Rhode Island designers , who have no experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper , and we said , Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that you 've done , a <unk> cannon cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> locust that is afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be at all .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , and you can download all the design files and make it out .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world that we live in , this interaction world , is our own .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for engaging in the environment .
distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmmm . Wait a moment .
You can take it a little bit .
We can -- we can continue the video on a side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm just a term time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that you 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in the government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and it would be like some Peace Peace <unk> .
And we took a few members every year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them to wildlife .
They made great applications ; they worked with the city employees .
Your job is to show the possibilities of current technology .
So I think about it .
It 's a fire hydrant .
So here 's as if you 're looking for a quote , but what it really looks for is that somebody would clean up when it 's caught by the snow , because it knows that it 's not very good to drop fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> members for America .
They were there in February , and at the time it was a long time last year .
They realized that the city never wiped out these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something more : that citizens would run with shovels sidewalks right in front of them .
So it did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept cleaning it when you go .
When you do that , you put it a name , in this case he put it up .
If you do n't do it , somebody can get it .
So , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 applications last year .
But it does something that no other technology of the government does .
It spreads in viral .
A responsible system responsible for the city of Honolulu City to see this application realized that it could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to have <unk> <unk> .
It 's very important to work with these <unk> <unk> , but people would steal the batteries .
That 's why the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided it used to use it to make citizens <unk> washed .
And Chicago just came out to get people off to go off to clean sidewalks when they 're <unk> .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spread without friction , naturally organic and natural .
If you know a little government technology , you know this does n't normally happen .
The software acquisition takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that I 've done it for the normal channels , it would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the judicial state of California , which until the moment has gone to 2000 million dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this on every single level of government .
So an application that comes in a couple of days , and it spreads into viral form is a viral shot of the government 's institution .
It suggests to the best ways of working , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , without restrictions , in an open , generative way .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of government , which has the new generation of the institution , not as a problem of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't been given up with the government .
They have a great frustration to that , but they do n't complain about , they fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost with sight .
And that is , if we stopped the feelings of politics , the line in the <unk> , the <unk> , and all of those other things that you 're bringing crazy , the government is essentially Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned government .
If you 're one of those people , you 'd ask them to ask you , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government in the last end of us are going to remember that from `` We , the people , '' how to think about it will affect the way we produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , above all , about <unk> .
This is the <unk> of services and information center .
It 's the place that calls the calls if you 're putting about it in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He entered the base of official knowledge .
I did n't find anything . It started animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , can you open the doors of the house , put it hard music , and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It 's got a application , web and mobile phone , called <unk> <unk> .
I do n't know that application .
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New York City City called Boston .
One day , this really happened , you get this request , `` <unk> in my bucket of trash . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to take you out ? ''
The dynamic <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was talking to person .
In <unk> , it 's all public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next one , he said , `` I approached the place , I found the trash bucket behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . I lived ? Yes .
I turn the cube . I went home .
Good evening , <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to partnerships distributed .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of the platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get together and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
I connected the two people .
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary , but the neighbor is a better and cheaper alternative than the government services .
When you go to a neighbor , they will raise communities .
If we call the animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think you 're the entrance to the other .
That our entry to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? We sometimes spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and it 's going to be inspired by our needs , but we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is a huge ocean , and politics is the surface layer of 15 centimeters .
That 's below what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that holds us that is that it belongs to us that we were funded as something that operates in our against , that other thing , and therefore we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sexy .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy .
Because it 's where the real government work is happening .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed <unk> report in response to the order of <unk> .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have been <unk> to the government , it 's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to face .
Do you really believe that we will go to where we need to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't raise government ; we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology , it 's a root rethinking the government function so that it can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not that hard to act <unk> , just to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so I , so reluctantly , I 'm a generation older than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk about ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they can do it .
So when you face the government problem , they do n't care so much to do hear their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They set up the work to program apps that make the government work better .
And those apps allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , pulling out weeds , dumping a garbage cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we were always able to have cleaned up those hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these apps are like digital illustrations that we are not only consumers , we 're not only consumers of government we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they do n't raise citizenship .
So I want to ask everyone here , when it comes to the important things that we need to do together , all of us will be a crowd of voices , or will you also be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there is a lot of despair .
And I 'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that you say here have impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they 're taught with feeling , they can have special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can achieve much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in practice in the right , my job .
I learned from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family , dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , I had power .
It was the last word for the whole family discussion .
She initiated a lot of the <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia over the 1840s .
She was born on the 1880 and his experience with slavery to unveil the way the world looked like .
She was hard , but she was also <unk> .
When I was a little kid , and I looked at it , and she was approaching , and I gave me a good hug .
I became so hard that I could barely breathe and then dropped me down .
One or two hours later , I went back to look at her , I was approaching , and I was like , `` Do you feel , you 're still feeling my hug ? ''
And if I told him that he did n't , I stick it again , and if he said yes , I left peace .
I had this human quality that I would always wish to be near it .
The only problem is I had 10 children .
My mother was the youngest of 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to take your time and your attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , and I went into the room , and there they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and stare at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
Then he looked at him and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 20 minutes , she got up , across the room , I took her up , and he said , `` You see <unk> . We 're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget it .
It took me out and said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now let me not do it . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know you 've been looking at you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I will never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want to tell me is that you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to <unk> that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want to tell me is that you will always do the right thing , even though the right thing is hard . ''
I thought , `` Yeah , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to tell me is that I never had alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yeah , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in rural South . I have a younger brother and a sister a year younger .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother got home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he pulled it , grabbed my sister and me and left for the forest .
We 're just doing the crazy things .
He took a sip of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little and offered to me .
I said , `` No , no . All right . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . We 're going to get it . And you 're always doing the same thing as we do .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I did n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
I went on my gaze , and he went , `` Oh , no , you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this , thinking whether it 's a virtue ; I say that for the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that really do n't make sense .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't believe you can do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of your grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to commit to it .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In America , we have the highest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people on parole .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor and black communities , they find so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of three black blacks between 18 and 30 years is in jail or <unk> .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young people of color are in jail or the <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that 's much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth .
And it looks like we feel very quiet .
The fear of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems our own .
We are disconnected .
I find it interesting .
We 're looking at our work in our work some developments quite curious .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as other states , you know , if you have a criminal prison .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as before we passed the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent children .
Many of my customers are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world , where she was sentence to die in prison .
We have in this country jail for children , without a chance to go out .
We 're in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This issue of death row is interesting .
In a certain sense , you have to think that the ultimate question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
Very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty penalty in America is defined by error .
From every nine people executed , it 's identified one that 's innocent , which is <unk> and released from death row .
A mistake of error , amazing , an innocent from every nine .
This is interesting .
aviation does n't allow us to never fly airplanes if every nine to take off , you would have been crashing .
But somehow we cut out of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our load .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American story , I talk to you about slavery .
I 'm talking to you about terrorism , the time it started at the end of the rebuilding , and that took up to the Second World War .
We do n't really know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was very defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The threat of terror was what its lives defined .
Now there are older people who come up to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 're telling you , you do speeches . Let 's talk to people who stop saying that in our history we deal with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of fighting race and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic where we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
All of the time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflicts .
It costs us work to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage you with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that you could not overcome our racial segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving conferences on death row .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good at listening to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death row in Germany .
So naturally , we can never get it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way that with our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately put us to run people . ''
Let 's come up with this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , do we , especially if they were in their majority Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these hard issues , positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by the technology . It 's telling us creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both .
We talked about the need to have more hope , more compromise , more dedication to the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones who never come to TED .
You think about them , in a way , something that is within us .
We have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , development comes not just about brain ideas .
These things come from enrichment ideas also by the convictions of the heart .
This connection with the heart is what drives us to look at not just as brilliant and brilliant , but also the dark and hard .
You 've got to be <unk> , the great buddy leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering , we wanted all sorts of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , the orientation for the spirit , a will for being in places of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , that even in communities like TED , has to engage you .
There 's no disconnect related to technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we 're ignoring these things .
We go back to finding them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women would get together just to speak .
Occasionally , <unk> lady called me , to tell me , `` <unk> , it comes the lunch lady . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I was like , `` Yeah lady . I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you came ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I went and just listened .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks was headed to me and said , `` Now , <unk> me , give me this idea of equal equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been doomed wrongfully .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice .
We try to end the sentences of life , without the probation sentences .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in prisons .
We try to end the massive <unk> . ''
I gave all my best speech , and I looked at me , and he said , `` hmm hmm . ''
And he added , `` I 'm going to get out , too exhausted . ''
At that moment , Mrs. <unk> leaned on , he put my finger in the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We have to figure out how to tackle those challenges , those issues , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated on simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that every one of us is superior to the worst thing we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a thief .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who have to be respected in the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very stimulating , we do n't be given us for our technology , by our designs , not for our intellectual or rational or rational capacity .
By the end , they judge the character of a society , not by the way that they treat rich and powerful and privileged , but because of how poor people treat , the prisoners , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
You 've got tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my values .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of the toughness .
I 'm going to jail and I see my customers at age 13 and 14 years old , which have been <unk> for them as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone in what 's not ?
The judge <unk> as an adult , but I see a kid .
One night I was awake , thinking -- God , if the judge can become something that you 're not , has to have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for something of that .
As it was too late , I could n't think , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14-year-old client , a small , poor , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` <unk> for me that my black black client will be treated as a <unk> of 75 years executive , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I started there there had been rewarded behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how this country is no ethic , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , not only had <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I felt truly overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I left the car to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally dropped myself from the car . I walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I came up with a older black man ; it was <unk> .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` You 're a lawyer ? '' He said yes .
So I walked up and stuck in me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that it was <unk> .
That 's deeply connected to my inside , with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audiences room .
When you go in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes , I was myself . '' And we started discussing .
People started getting . They were all upset .
I was the one who had written those crazy .
The policemen are the assistants , assistants .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . Everybody furious because we talked about race , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I 'd come to see what she was going and came .
I would look out the window and try and hear all that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and over there .
Finally , this old black , with the face of concern , went into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the rest of the <unk> , he was upset because the superintendent had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audiences room ? ''
And the old black stood up , I looked at the assistant , and he looked at me and said , `` I went into this audiences room to tell this young young woman to keep his view on the goal with clarity . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large , but it folds towards justice .
That we ca n't truly be human beings if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to others .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of us who share this , I just want to tell you to keep the view on the goal with clarity .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious desire for the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There 's a number of opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to be able to get into an effort to get the funds that are spent in punishment policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death row over the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of homicide not <unk> in being used .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's an opportunity for change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds will get the law to make the law , security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the highest rate of incarceration .
What would you say to those who believe that is ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The huge growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes of violence .
It 's because of the wrong war against drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population arises .
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life on life ; to steal a bicycle , for small crimes against property , instead of making them <unk> those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does n't do anything for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've got excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for you to come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats to Bin Laden 's death .
Announcer 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> . <unk> : The police ate O.C . spray .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
6 : <unk> . Announcer : 65 dead : 65 dead .
Announcer : <unk> : tsunami . <unk> : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War , drug , drug destruction , massive destruction .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months , <unk> could be in the last six days or for the last six years .
The idea is that press media would prefer to buy negative news because our minds pay attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of each day , our senses get a lot of data that probably the brain can process .
And like nothing really matters to us to survive , the first stop of all of those data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
And it 's <unk> and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us damage .
That 's why a <unk> of stories would look at the negative .
That old saying of the press : `` If you have blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And since all of the digital devices provide us with negative news provide the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , no wonder that we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world goes from bad at worst .
But maybe it 's not .
Maybe , instead , what happens is that we get <unk> .
Perhaps huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , extinction of species , water scarcity , and we certainly have them .
As humans , we are very good at <unk> problems , and in the long , we just just had them .
Let 's take what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average life has more than doubled , the average income per capita for inflation has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , from electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles graffiti that global literacy went from 25 percent over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget .
And we keep making more and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , bathrooms , refrigerators , mobile , moving air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the last century , the <unk> on the planet , would never have dreamed of that luxury .
It 's a lot of this technology , and , lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that we had on the technology of the information to jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months .
So the mobile phone you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the 1970s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that 's -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop before any of the great challenges .
And although it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it goes up .
The growth rate of technology is more and faster .
And on this curve , to <unk> Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , my friends from Autodesk call an infinite computer , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize personalized food across the planet , biology biology , fuel , vaccines and food , digital medicine , nanomaterials and A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory on `` Jeopardy '' on IBM , IBM ?
It was epic .
I sought in the newspapers the best headline that I would have .
And I loved this one : `` Watson <unk> to humans . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
He plays with the nuances of the human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available to all on your cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked to release a company , or a product or a service , which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have <unk> .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for each of us on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of how possible .
It 's about taking that out of scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
Let me give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III in the 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited dinner , the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops ate with covered with silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered with gold .
But King of <unk> , ate on aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington reef is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is about 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's tied for oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as though it was <unk> .
Let 's take this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to the Earth 16 <unk> of energy every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , but accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated by diesel : a rupees for 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that in the end of the decade , in the U.S. <unk> parts of America , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to 15 cents in the national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk now about the water wars .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed at the Voyager 's spacecraft spacecraft , in 1990 , after it happened ?
He 's going to be a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent of it is ice , and we fight for 0.5 percent of the planet 's water , but there 's also a hope here .
It 's a technology available not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , they miss .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators from <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , given me for permission to do this -- their technology called <unk> <unk> already is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on a day of any seawater , contaminated water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The President of Coca-Cola just thought that I 'm going to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes right , and I have full confidence that this will be , Coca-Cola actually implement it in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an ongoing innovation by this technology that exists today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration from mobile phones in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications communications than President Reagan 25 years ago .
And , to count on a smart mobile phone , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton does 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted to have ever predicted .
Better than that , the things that you and I paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , <unk> technology , <unk> technology , and they 're losing market value with mobile phones .
Maybe it 's the best thing to get when you get the applications in health .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies on a mobile device that they talk about , and because they have A.I . , you can coughing , you can get your finger from your finger .
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there is no doctors , where the charge of morbidity is 25 percent , there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
Now , when this device took a virus of RNA or DNA that 's not recognition , I 'll call the health of the health , and first of all , avoiding the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We 've just passed the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , it 's going to go from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds have never heard before you heard the global conversation .
What are these people going to want to do ?
What do you want ? What wishes you will have ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we will have the greatest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health care , thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with the Khan Academy , and because of the use of prints in 3D and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion members of humanity , healthy educated and productive ?
How about some voices never heard ?
What if we give the oppressed to the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What are these three billion ?
What if they 're contributions we ca n't predict ?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things ; things that before they could only do large corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end up sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played with this university professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined up and started to play it .
And it has shown that today the human pattern recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the <unk> of <unk> <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're going to get to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have an extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
I started the <unk> point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
And you might think he educates me finches , but it was n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as very `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He caught a lot to the 1880 decade .
Now the fish is on the Middle Red List .
But we heard this story many times , over Galapagos and elsewhere , so that has nothing special about it .
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they keep intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , also illustrates the concept of the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could <unk> .
I burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , from a mangroves .
He had <unk> about 20 centimeters , <unk> with black beard .
And the fishery of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was going on for a good moment , so they made more than average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the number of fish had halved .
<unk> at five centimeters .
It 's called a genetic pressure .
There was still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy about being there .
I mean , nothing to change , but it 's all changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing trawling in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was to impose to the countries that had 100,000 fishermen , including industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called the <unk> 4 .
I went to fish on it , and we did studies in southern China 's south Sea , and especially in the Java Sea .
What we captured there was something we captured .
<unk> , I now know , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured was sponges and other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny spots on the debris , the remains that are fish from coral reef .
In short , the sea background came on the deck and then it was cast .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study , and then you start commercial fishing .
The bottom of being a solid soft background , in this case , will be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They threw them up because they were dead .
Once we captured a living .
I was still not yet yet .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains , is what the fishermen collect every time they go to an area where they have never fish .
But they do n't have documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
I started the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you get this going on this stuff .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with <unk> .
Every generation will use the pictures I received the beginning of their conscious life as normal , and I extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the amount of changes .
And at the end , you keep a few of the remains .
And that , largely , is we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done until about generations later .
Because obviously an animal that 's very abundant , before extinct , is unusual .
You do n't lose animals plentiful .
You lose animals rare .
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and in a sea synonymous with big fish .
They become rare because we replace them .
Over time , there are few fish , but we thought that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they will do that because the evidence presented in a previous way that they would expect it to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you have to do , like it captain has just been able to see a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or generally not using the scientists from fishing , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
From there the huge role that can deliver a protected marine area .
Because with marine zones , we really recreated the past .
<unk> the past that people ca n't conceive of because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for the people that you can see a protected zone , and they can benefit from vision that gives you , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about the people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema , maybe you can fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think of `` Avatar , '' if you think why people were actually <unk> with the film -- I 'm going to talk about the story of why they 're going to deal with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , doing `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube chip manager , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So today , we 're going to see why videos are doing viral and how important it has .
We all want to be stars : celebrity , singers , comedians , comedians , when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or our actions , copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They go up over 48 hours of YouTube per minute .
And , of those , just a small percentage gets viral , receives countless views and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , trends , participation communities and surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Whoa !
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video shot outside their house in National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows you at the top of the popularity of last summer .
He was n't saying to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Mountain Mountain <unk> .
There were already a lot of videos of nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that <unk> the popularity .
The creators of trends as Jimmy <unk> are presented to us new and interesting things and <unk> them into a larger audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , on Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . Everybody wants you to get on a weekend , the weekend . <unk> , Friday . They started Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from bribes is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This chart shows the frequency of use .
Like , `` rainbow double double '' -- this video seemed to be came out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , they 're on Friday .
But what happened this day , this Friday Friday ?
Well , I took it up and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson : <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke about video on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of creators embrace a view and they share it with a larger audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who shares this great internal joke then starts to talk about that and do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> of `` <unk> '' on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a spoof for each other .
Unlike the one-way 20th century of the 20th century , this engagement is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is an animation repetitive with a chord music .
That 's this thing . That 's all .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know there 's a three version of three hours , which has been seen four million times .
Until cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody did a version of the old .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , a whole community of remix that made it happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all become part of .
Because today we 're not just enjoying it , we 're involved .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted , `` Hey double '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What script could you have been written to do ?
In a world where you 're going up two days of video , just that really unique and unexpected thing can be made in the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind that protest against <unk> tickets in New York , I admit I was not interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket to do the <unk> , but often there are obstacles that keep you circular from the <unk> .
KA : Thank you to surprise and his humor , Casey <unk> managed to have five million to see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new thing that we do .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are features of a new type of media , of a new culture , which we all have access to and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the world 's celebrities , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
We 're all a little owners of pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , it 's just the same of the media today , but we will make the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still being built .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique and freedom of his country .
So think of as the communist communist in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
Words , for so long , friends , now making fun .
It 's <unk> in silence .
He died broken through history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My job was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to make it out , but they 'll get it .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at dawn <unk> quietly quietly .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and a little bit of marriage and two small girls .
For her , life was destined for a task alone : the escape of his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , one boat slid into the sea dressed up by fishing ship .
All the adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear were the pirates , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother was carrying a little bit poison .
So if you catch us , we first would take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are on that boat , the constant pace of the engine , the bow diving into each wave , and the vast horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men on our boat , or the engine dying and not to start for six hours .
But I do remember the lights of the oil rig in front of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , finished the journey was too much for him , and the first apple that I tried , given by the men of the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations giving shape new together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of class class whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , no sense of the right .
The smells that were coming from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> <unk> fragments were traded between people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , a shift .
Yet , I found time to study English and get an IT title .
We were poor .
All the dollars were assigned , and an extra mentoring in English and math , no matter what you should be taken away , which was usually new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide holes from the other .
A school uniform up to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And there was <unk> and <unk> on the eyes of <unk> , and some graffiti : Asian , back home .
A house , where ?
Something in me is <unk> .
He was accumulating purpose and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I would argue in the same bed .
My mother was taxed every night , but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the ship .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to get it .
She opened a computer shop , and then he studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could not make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys were stuck in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
They created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classical Asian student , relentless , with what I 'm looking at from myself .
On the other hand , I was very rapidly in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many of them got help through the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of law , I was elected the Australian young Australian man .
And I went out of a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
I read him , <unk> anonymous , was now as well as she was , a refugee and a social activist , invited me to speak at sites I never heard of , and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about it .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat to the routines and their comfort in a suburb of life , a grandmother , a mother and two daughters finishing up the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> about the day of each and he passed off , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had now the same age as she had when we got on the boat .
`` No , '' had never been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You 're not what you 're not . ''
So I talked about youthful <unk> and education and <unk> and <unk> .
And the more frankly talking about it , the more it was <unk> to speak .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I ended up my degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career .
There was to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a <unk> , new on the scene -- and not just good , but it 's something that it 's going to be grateful for , perhaps a gift of the boat .
Because being in it can easily mean the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is out there , but not the way we fear them .
<unk> that they would n't have been <unk> were tremendously .
There was an energy there , an relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and bravery .
So I kept my intuition on .
They would take a small group of people for the slogan `` ca n't be done '' was an irresistible challenge .
For a year we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , I was making a giant soup of soup that we all shared .
They 're going to be <unk> at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some bright , and we open up .
I took the decision to move to the United States .
After a single journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up at a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life has n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother raised alone .
At 17 became a <unk> of a <unk> whose mother beat her .
They had no support from his husband , he had a wake up to the <unk> and put the cause herself , and much more <unk> made when he won .
He ca n't have it proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles in Melbourne .
I looked across the <unk> of the shower and I saw her stop on the other side .
I knew I had come to let go .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around his coffin .
We tell the stories , and we made sure we were still with it .
A monk was wine and told us that I had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you have taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't got it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Because we were , and how life was formed , we can now see that men who have reached our lives were frustrated .
The defeat would have been very easily .
Now I want to have my own children , and I wonder about the boat .
Who might wish that to do that ?
However , I fear the privilege of easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in their lives , diving brave in each wave , the <unk> pace of the engine , the vast horizon that would n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them safe , I would .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother here today , on the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the sky anise , with the Sufi Sufi singer .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the time of the ancient Indian epic epic .
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel <unk> to a car , and we 're going to break the sky .
We now do it with airplanes .
At that time , when <unk> , the great prince of Indian warrior , was thirst , and he pulled a bow and a <unk> on the floor , he got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had replaced to magic .
And that 's a huge amount of mine .
Every time I felt a little bit more than <unk> .
I was given to this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't get my friends back .
It seemed like technology had to allow magic , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his <unk> <unk> .
And this piece of 50 years of 50 years was to my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and cameras prevent it .
We 'll be inspired by our inspiration .
And so I launched , I went back to this technological world to see how to use magic to create magic , rather than kill her .
<unk> books from the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a <unk> device able to connect the readers of the whole world .
You can know how the book is .
Where are we .
They put the text together with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The narrative becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that serve us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for the iPad .
He says , `` It puts your fingers on each light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I come back to a character from the book .
And in a number of moments , I 'm getting a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through the GPS -- it 's led to me .
My inner girl is excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean wizards and dragons , but the magic of childhood , those ideas that are <unk> of children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting .
So here , we need to shift the iPad to release fireflies .
And , of course , they light up your way on the top of the book .
Another idea that I loved as a child was a little bit of a <unk> galaxy .
So here , every book and every world becomes a little bit of a little bit that I drag up to this magical device , within the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every fantasy book , there has always been maps , but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you through the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it reveals itself .
I 'm going to go in .
Another important thing to me is to create Indian content and contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped on the cameras for Indra for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child story .
In a story that 's about current issues like environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been imprisoned , glued to their PCs , they have n't come out to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images from different natural objects .
As a child , I had lots of collections : sticks , rocks , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , children do n't do it .
So to regain this ritual of childhood , you have to go out and on a chapter , I would take a picture of a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then laugh .
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A kid in India says , `` I saw a monkey today . ''
And it creates this sort of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taking .
Within the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book , we used to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , he sees a group of applause that appear on the inner plants of the house .
At a moment , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to do the sound of the wind and <unk> to be able to read the rest of the book .
We go to a world where the forces of nature are <unk> with technology and magic , and technology comes to one another .
<unk> power from the sun .
We 're moving to our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and child love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University University , he went to a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ?
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that everyone , or perhaps not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's a very simple thing .
It 's got an doorknob on it .
Every morning I get up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect to , sends my data to Google Health .
And my doctor 's doctor has access to him too . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time in the same time that he needs <unk> or some urgency of that style , but looking back .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So , every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale , and before you go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a <unk> lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure of the used pairs to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be <unk> to move people out of their chairs and develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week we 're going to be available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or a device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , taking their blood pressure , and to share their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to regain control and being captains of their own boat , but also can help us care of health because of the challenges that we face , like the firing of costs of attention , the doubling of the demand , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like these , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did like to share with you with you with a video .
We all have navigation checks in cars .
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones .
We know perfectly where ATM machines are .
Where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that , if you look at a <unk> , please make it out , where it 's open , and when it 's open , because sometimes you open up at schedule at office and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> already were introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the application for that .
And we made an application for the iPad .
We created an augmented application application , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next weeks to use the Microsoft 's cell to find the closest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we 'd like to do it globally .
We 're looking at all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> throughout the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
And I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us verify these <unk> .
You might be <unk> people , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in its place .
Please help us help us in this and not just improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share photography ' photography .
Or is it <unk> .
Because of course , they 're photographs that they ca n't take their cameras .
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
He mixed with my passion before the drawing , but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger is pushing .
For me , photography had more to be in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start to press the trigger .
Photos like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has a twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism .
And when I say realism I say , I mean .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph .
Pictures that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that we have to capture a moment .
But what is the trick that makes it seem real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
Did you light the light ?
What does the illusion do ?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three <unk> objects , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a certain way , you can create something that still looks like three-dimensional -- as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture seem realistic , I think it 's those ones we do n't even think about ; the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But by combining pictures , it 's very important to consider you , because otherwise something will be wrong .
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic outcomes .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But they 're combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images are tracking these requirements ; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is a picture of a landscape and the bottom part is manipulated .
But this picture is completely composed of photographs of different places .
So , I think it 's easier to create a place that you find , because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in the winter I knew that I had several months to <unk> , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured in a fishing journey .
The shores are a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pit .
And yes , I even made a red one , the top of the island of the island so that it looks more deeply .
So to get a realistic outcome , I think it 's needed to take planning .
It 's always starting with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here each piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job when you take the photos , the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing you a little bit about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram that I took out of a folder .
I 'm not really interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , as a lot of others we tend to see , is sort of a straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves is new .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn the lights up .
They 're getting more intensity because writing about paper .
Why plot technology curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if you draw them on a normal curve where , let 's say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if you plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this , it gives a qualitative change .
If the technology of transportation will be as fast as our microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move at that pace .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development that every few years advance of magnitude .
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not still forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
We 'll get one of two things .
Or it will become a typical curve , and it comes up with something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like this .
So , we would now be in the middle of a transition .
This line is a transition from what the world used to be in a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask me , is , what is that new way you take the world ?
How new state is the world going ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember a child the future was happening in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , through my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something that 's happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different to transport what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking away and look at the long term .
The scale of time I 'd like to do this is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we look at every billion years .
So , you go back about two and a half billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that will spread around .
If you look at those chemicals , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and it 's that , at the time , there were some oil droplets with all kinds of chemical prescriptions inside it .
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made materials from the outside , and so the blobs grew up grew up .
And they started to split .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil spills .
But those blobs were not alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random chemical recipe .
And every time you have split an unequal distribution of chemicals that held .
So each droplet was a little bit different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow become better at the time of bringing the chemicals around , they growing more , they were growing up , more chemicals and they have divided more .
Most of you live longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple , but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
And in some ways that we do n't understand very well , they 're learning to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , you 're going to take place in this endless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , are exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 <unk> of white dust that I try to hide the airport security .
But it contains -- I took this code -- code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA , and I 'll put it 10 at 22 times .
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot for everyone here ; in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , it would have put it on a virus , and it would have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happy about another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things got very different , and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information in terms of cells .
I do n't know if you know , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and <unk> to create their small DNA with other bacteria , and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave rise to the communities that , in a way , they were together on that ; and a synergy .
And so they survived or <unk> together , or that if a community was very successful , all of the individuals in that community would become more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the tipping point happened when these communities were so close to , in fact , they came together and decided to write all the recipe in the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have many cells that do n't act alone anymore .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart of the heart , or your muscles , or the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved , and there were more interesting levels than the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that do n't do more than processing information in community .
They are the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that these mobile communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize in the community being responsible for register , understanding and conveying information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , not the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learn how to eat some fruit , because I knew bad and got sick at the last time that ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because of an organism that had built these information processing structures that we would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen to an individual .
It could happen in the time you need to learn .
But then , of course , the individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the more refined version we know is the human language .
If we think about it , it 's an amazing invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea .
I 'm sitting here by sitting emitting a little bit , and hopefully building a similar idea , vague and <unk> , in your head that holds some analogy with me .
But we took something very complicated , we turned it into sound , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That 's now allowing us to start working like an organism .
In fact , like humanity , we 've started to perform abstractions .
We now move through similar periods of the multicellular organisms ; we 'll bring our record methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM and so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information .
And that brings us up into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which there was some evolution with the <unk> program in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the scales over time again .
The first stages of the story that would tell you took a billion years every one .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next one , the language , and so on , they took less than a million years .
And the next , like electronics , it seems to be just a few decades .
The process is eaten ; I guess <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates his own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we observe in this explosion of the curve .
We see the process it feeds on .
But I make life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for <unk> would not be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to engineer them in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor in that machine machine .
There are billions of millions .
Instead , with <unk> designers , we think of a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and machine that does something that you could n't have before , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes it uses methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting approach , that I 've been using lately , is evolution itself .
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million sequence sequences at random ? ''
Could you run these sequences of random instructions , running all those programs , and take those things that we want to do most of what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
So let 's say I want to open numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are more close to numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better do the task ?
You 're going to get those and <unk> them to the rest .
And now let me tell you the best of the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> by a process of analog analog to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , that we 're having children , which <unk> <unk> , and that the children will take the properties of both programs .
So we managed to get a new generation of software programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
Take it back again .
I would get a few mutations .
And it tries again and it tries to bring it to another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that are telling an absolutely perfect way .
In fact , they 're a lot more efficient than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't tell how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark programs , strangers .
But I do it .
In fact , I know , I have the safety of the goal , because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it .
In fact , their lives are dependent on it .
Once I went on a 747 , and he comes out and he pulls up a card and says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to offer safe flight . '' Does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we start to depend on computers to make a different design processes .
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things than that makes normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand the whole options there .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
We now use those programs to make a lot faster , so we can run these programs much faster .
So it feeds on .
The thing goes faster and faster , and so I think it seems so confused .
Because all these technologies are fed down .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment to the cell organisms when they became multicellular .
We 're ours , and we can not understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant in our thinking that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of creating whatever it is .
But now it comes lunch and I think it 's going to stop here before I got it .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've been long enough to let me give up a bit of my false prestige .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little bit of baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series is coming .
We love baseball , right ?
<unk> is filled with amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's about getting out of the rules , and it talks about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you .
It 's called a <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means the bat <unk> effectively , three times 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being stuck , and anyone who 's trying to throw it out to the first base , do n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three grade 10 .
You know what they call a <unk> of 300 in high League ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know what they call a baseball <unk> ?
By the way , that 's someone that 10 hits , they hit four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last League player in the League of <unk> in running more 400 hits in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to get this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less awkward , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and you get derivatives that has also a record of 400 in <unk> .
That does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that you live in a remote place and a loved one has two clogged coronary arteries and his family doctor derived a cardiologist at a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But do you know something ?
She 's getting better remarkably this year .
And the hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think you should be the average of the hits of a cardiac surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all of medicine knows a good surgeon from a good surgeon , a doctor or a medical doctor .
What we do , though , is sending them into the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , ever , making a mistake and try and figure out how to do it right .
That was the message that I was going on when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied was to a blood test .
So .
I 'm going to get into my little <unk> , in the nurses ' nurses at the General 's General Hospital , not far from here .
And I learned all of memory .
From my class of anatomy , I memorized the origin and muscle work , the branching of every artery that comes out of your aorta , <unk> differential diagnosis and not usual .
And I even knew differential diagnosis about how to classify the <unk> <unk> .
And as they get more and more knowledge .
And I was very well ; I graduated with honor .
And you 'll get out of the school school with the impression that if you 're going to take it all , then you would know everything , or as possible , close to all , because I 'm getting rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady <unk> .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency service where I was working .
At the time , I was assigned to the center of cardiology .
And when emergency room requested me to go to a cardiologist to a cardiologist .
And to inform the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was sad .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which sent me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , these blood records , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on the treatment that I would give .
I gave aspirin and medication to alleviate the pressure on his heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that he could eliminate liquid .
And one hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake , I sent it to your house .
I made two more errors .
He sent his home home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , and I did n't know what I should have done , which was calling my boss and <unk> him with him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to bring a few reasons .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who was paying attention to .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When they send it to their house , I did n't pay attention to a voice in my interior that said , `` Goldman , not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure I was so insecure , I was taking care of the nurse who was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and he said completely <unk> , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
This is how he signed up , and the ambulance with the ambulance with the ambulance put them home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in your stomach .
But I went on with my work .
At the end of the day , I packed up to leave the hospital and walked to the parking lot where my car was to go home . At that moment I did something that I do n't normally do .
It happened for the emergency emergency service .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady <unk> before , but another . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are afraid too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see the <unk> patients .
The three words are you remember ?
`` Does it remember the patient who sent home ? ''
I asked the other <unk> <unk> .
`` Well , she came back , '' with the same tone tone .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
Now , after an hour of arriving at your house , after I was given the high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance have brought him in the emergency room with an blood pressure pressure from <unk> , which means a shock shock .
Just breathing and blue .
emergency personnel will go out of all their resources .
They gave medication for raising blood pressure .
And they put an artificial respirator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
I had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and I was waiting for all hope to recover .
And in the two or three days later , it was obvious that I never got .
He had irreversible damage .
The family got together together .
And in eight or nine days , they 're going to get away from what was happening .
And to the ninth day , they let her go . Mrs. <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of those who die .
That was my first experience .
So the next weeks , I 'm struck by it and experienced for the first time the unhealthy unhealthy unhealthy , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame , because you ca n't afford your colleagues .
You make peace and you never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame of which I 'm talking about is what makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't by my boss ; he was an charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure that I would take things out and make sure that I did n't know me .
And I kept asking those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss , why he sent her home ?
And in my worst moments , why I made a silly mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Gradually that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And on a cloudy day , he opened the sky , and then finally came the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if we took the efforts to be perfect to make any more mistakes , I would pause those voices .
And it was .
I went back to work .
But it turned on .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto , and I got a man from 25 to a pain .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he pointed out here .
I looked at her throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
He would get penicillin and sent it to his house .
But while he ran the door to the door , he kept tracking his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my change change , my boss asked me to talk to me with her office .
And he delivered the three words : Does you remember .
Remember the patient who saw a pain in your throat ?
He came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
It had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but the top airline , and that can cause the close of those tracks .
He , fortunately , he did n't know .
They managed to get antibiotics per se , and they recovered a few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I sat down and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
Twice in the same emergency shift , they do n't grow appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they were given to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home , and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out , a colleague that I was checking on the patient was some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , and he called the surgeon .
The other patient was a lot of diarrhea .
I read the liquid order for <unk> , and I asked my colleague to check it .
I went through it and when some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , called the surgeon .
Both of them were operated and recovered well .
But every case , I devoured myself .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most meaningful ones have been over the last five years .
Just , embarrassed and not .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't go back and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what 's really going on , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place now like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you do n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital had the wrong leg , believe me I would have difficulty looking at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
<unk> denial .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes and not , those who do n't sleep and the ones that do n't sleep , and the ones that have great results and they have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies that start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you do step back in medicine to people who make mistakes , we will become a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
Within 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a personal study of bad medical malpractice and errors to learn how possible , from the first article that I wrote for the Toronto , `` White <unk> , Black Art , '' -- white art .
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where the mistakes are happening every single day , where one in 10 drugs <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where <unk> infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 15,000 Canadian volunteered for preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Medicine Institute established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not going to get the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is going through every two or three years , and we do n't get rid of it .
sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow for a perfect history of a patient with pain pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , it comes alive with <unk> eyes and my breath , all of a sudden , my story would be <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things as well .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't take their symptoms always in the same way .
All of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as they taught us , and we eliminate all the <unk> , good , good , no one left .
What about that people do n't want to talk about their biggest cases ?
In my show , `` white <unk> , '' it 's a custom saying , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would say to everybody , from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And they 'll pull the microphone into them .
And their students got <unk> , <unk> , down the head and <unk> saliva and started counting their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> power to say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined doctor is human , you know human , it accepts , and they 're not proud of their mistakes , but he 's trying to learn from what happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
They 're going to take care of other people 's mistakes , not trying to get them , but a loving way and support for everyone to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes occasionally when .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm human , make mistakes mistakes .
And I 'm very sorry , but I 'm going to learn something that can lead to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take any day ?
Do you know how much choose a week ?
I recently did a survey over 2,000 people , and the average amount of choices he says to choose a half American , are about 70 to the day .
Not long ago , in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents .
The researchers recorded the different tasks by these CEOs , and the time that we were trying to make decisions with those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> jobs a week .
So , naturally , every work , they had lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
Do you know how many you belong to the <unk> category , and how many about an hour ?
How do you feed the way that makes those decisions ?
Today , I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice before options .
I want to talk about the problem and about possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand , just if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive , please take a pat .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of your options ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high level at least at that time was very sophisticated .
His name was <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 <unk> water , and this was when I took water on the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I asked myself , why never buy anything ?
This is the shelf on olive oil .
They had over 75 different kinds , including the ones that were in sealed box that came from the millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` It works well this strategy of offering all these choices ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists who were coming in every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
There 's a hallway .
They had <unk> different kinds .
They put a post to <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
So we put there out of six flavors , or of 24 flavors and we looked at two things : First , what might people have been willing to stop when they try a jelly test ?
More people stopped when there were 24 ; 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a jar of jelly .
So here we find the opposite effect .
And they stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
Of those you stood in when six , we saw 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people were six times more likely to buy jelly if they were six .
Well , we decide we do n't buy jars , we 're probably interested in it , and it 's good to preserve the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem with the overload of choice is affecting us in momentous decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though this is not true .
Now the issue of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we looked at the savings of savings for about a million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in seeing whether the number of funds offers to retirement plans , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we discovered that I actually had a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two to 59 options .
We found that the older was the number of funds , there were less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as tall as they wanted .
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation went down to the 60 percentile .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there are more choices , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the more they were the number of options , the more people would be concerned about avoiding their actions or investment funds .
As much more choices , they were more willing to invest in financial bills .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we were trying to optimize to optimize the financial well-being .
In the previous decade we 've seen three major negative consequences to provide more and more possibilities .
The most likely is that they 're making the decision , that the <unk> even when it goes against self-interest .
They are more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things more likely , even though they may get better .
The main reason is that we 're looking at that <unk> variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose that amazing show .
Now I want to propose to you today , four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so that you can test in their business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You heard it before , but it has never been more true than today , which is less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually what we 're seeing is that if you 're able to cut , get rid of getting rid of you strange options , there will be an increase in sales , we 're going to increase the costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & <unk> at 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Cat Gate corporation was eliminated , the products for <unk> of cats less sold , increased profit at 87 percent , for two causes : higher sales and lower costs .
You know , you know , supermarkets , on average they offer 45,000 products .
In a Walmart store , it 's about 100,000 products .
But the ninth major store in the world is <unk> , and it offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle better options is David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All of the Harvard employees are being automatically automatically at a safe fund of life .
The people who really want to choose , they 're offered 20 or more or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that there are between those options .
And if your employees can not differentiate , they ca n't make their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was chatting with Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on a holiday for all paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read , and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the deal of Gary .
( A few claps ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the supply .
Are n't they ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , that in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images made it more real .
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of the options that is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between options , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and that the consequences must be very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 percent to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards , which when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , on <unk> <unk> , who worked on <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were becoming a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we 're looking at exactly how it used to , we did a little addition .
What we added was that we appeal to the staff to think about the positive things that would take in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> there was an increase in 20 percent 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hall .
We saw that in <unk> supermarkets , the northeast exhibition , the magazine exhibition can contain from <unk> different types of different types .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell me .
These are two <unk> displays .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you shake it .
( A few claps ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you shake it .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This framework of classification is completely useless .
The categories must tell you something to choose , not as defines it .
Now , you often see this problem with those huge fundraising lists .
What are they reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can drive much more information than we think about , if we just simplified it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated decision ; you buy a car .
This is a German car manufacturer that allows us completely .
You have to take 60 decisions , you have to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each other .
Color , foreign color . I have 56 possibilities .
He engine , box of changes , four options .
What I 'm going to do is you change the order that make the decisions appear .
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , to a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How much you are .
If you get the default button in every decision , this indicates you 're overwhelmed , or that 's what we 're missing .
We found that they 're going from many options , put the default button over and over again , and another one .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , they go on there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was <unk> the order where the information is presented .
If we start with the easy thing , you learn to choose .
Although I pick this box of change , I do n't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration , in all ways you make it to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building , that now has more engaged in the process .
So , to summarize .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options : <unk> , eliminate strange alternatives -- <unk> , to make it real ; we can handle more categories with less options ; we can make complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives -- or better , for you , to use them in your business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful about choosing .
And the more careful we are in our best choices , we 'll be able to practice art .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in East Germany , in communist East Germany , if you had a typewriter to write to the government .
I had to register a piece of text of writing with the machine .
And this is so that the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they found an written by the wrong message , they could track the footprint up to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't conceive of somebody else to do this , so much that this will make freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser laser printer from any big manufacturer and print a page , that page will end with some yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them themselves and your printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And nobody seems to be a lot like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments are using technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three major causes of problems on the network .
If we look at what 's happening in the online world , we can put together the attacks on their attackers .
There are three main groups .
There are the cybercriminals .
Like , Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city from Kiev , in Ukraine .
The cybercriminals 's cellphone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money , huge amounts of numbers .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , <unk> , which is <unk> money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and etc. , etc .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means by banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought a computer infected .
The secret service service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Mr. Jain account , and this account had <unk> millions of dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain 's going blind ; they do n't know their stop .
And I say today is more likely that any of us are a victim of a crime than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is wrong with worse .
In the future , most crime online .
The second group of maneuverability that we 're looking at today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate them , they motivate the opinions , they motivate laughter .
<unk> , as Anonymous has <unk> in the last 12 months occupying a single role in online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : criminals who make it for money , <unk> as Anonymous that they do to protest and the last group are the national governments to attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is an Austrian authority from the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
<unk> out the last fall because of a <unk> .
They put the safety of the site and bring it to <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , asked one of the leaders if they found to find death from people to cause the death attack .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die of an attack on these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What is the certificates ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services , services , services like Gmail .
Except that we will do a foreign <unk> authority .
And they gave up certified certificates .
And in the case of <unk> , it happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters they looted the headquarters for the Egyptian world headquarters in April 2011 , and during 2003 , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept a large scale the communications of citizens in the country .
They had sold this tool for 3,000 euros the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
That is , Western governments provide tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , we found the <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by government government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a <unk> case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today , it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
We had even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen online online , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these obvious response should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's playing privacy .
Privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're dealing with today , will be forever .
Do you blindly forget in any future government , in a administration that could be within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you need to worry about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the south of National Park in Nairobi .
These are the cows of my dad , at the bottom , and behind cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi has no fences in the bulk of the south , which means wildlife animals like zebras migrate outside the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
We 'd get our livestock .
This is one of the ones that killed at night , and so soon we wake up in the morning and we found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only driver we had .
My community , <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to <unk> , and that 's why we value them so much .
So I grew up hating lions a lot .
They were people who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi .
I think that for this , there are so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , six to nine , is responsible for the livestock of their father , and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to figure out a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions were afraid .
But I realized that this did n't actually work , because even helped the lions see the pen from far .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick lions to believed that he was near the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day , and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they went back and said , this thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on to turn on and off the lights .
And this is a small lamp of a broken flashlight .
You 're going to get it all up .
As you can see , the solar cell load up the battery and the battery <unk> electricity to the small box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the light lights .
As you can see , the <unk> give out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is how lions see it when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think that I 'm walking around the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never came back to have trouble with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , and he asked me if I could put the lights .
I said yes .
You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I set up in seven houses in my community and are serving a lot of them .
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya , to scare other predators such as hyenas , leopards , and also being used to kill elephants from farms .
Thank you to this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship to one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funds and <unk> .
I even took my friends to my community and we installed the lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them to put them .
So , a year ago , it was just a little boy in the grasslands of the savanna , the cows of my father , and he used to see airplanes , and he said to me that one day would be inside one .
And here I am .
I got the opportunity to come on the plane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be a <unk> , a pilot , when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving my dad and dad , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my language means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to listen to a story like you .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do a fence . CA : A fence ?
<unk> : I know you 've already invented electric fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : So I 'm going to do it once , right ? And you know , I 've tried it before , but stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : On the barrel of the canyon . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to <unk> in every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little kid , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt so proud .
In school , we passed all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan is the enemies .
I thought sometimes about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I was never going hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
And he said , `` When you get this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the two weeks .
We 're getting together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're prepared to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
At the time , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase from my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a kid in her arms looking at his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
No one was helping them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine shifted to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only few survived to eat grass , insects and <unk> .
They also became more and more prevalent the power breaks , all around me was completely dark at night except for the lights in China in China , just crossing the river from my home .
I always wondered why they had light and we do n't .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which serves the edge of North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans to cross secretly .
But many of them die .
Sometimes , I see bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with relatives live .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like as a refugee refugee .
But soon , I learned that it 's not only hard , but it 's also dangerous , because the North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became true , when I was arrested by the Chinese police , and I was arrested at the police station .
And somebody had accused me for being <unk> , then I set up my skills in Chinese language and asked a lot of questions .
He was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , an official told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in the foreign embassies .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Although the had had caught them , they eventually released after a hard international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are captured in China and <unk> North Korea , where they are tortured , convictions or executed in public .
I was fortunate to escape , many other North Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , all of your world can make it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hide my identity , I decided to take an hour to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
It even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was n't a country I could call with pride .
Even though I went to the life in South Korea was not easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the University of income at university .
Right when they started to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities made a little bit of money that sent my family , and , like punishment , my family was going to be displaced to force to a location outside .
They had to run away immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China , and I went to the border to North Korea .
Since my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to mentor them , somehow , for over 3,000 miles through China , and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was arrested and tried for a Chinese police officer .
He asked the identification of all , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , impulse , and I told him that they were <unk> people who were accompanying .
And I looked at me <unk> , but fortunately I believed me .
We did everything the way down to the eastern border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Iceland .
But even after it passed the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital capital .
This was one of the lowest dots in my life .
I did everything to release my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison at short distance from South Korean embassy .
I went and forth between the immigration office and police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But it did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost the hope .
At that moment , or the voice of a man , I say , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would ask to ask .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I told him the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for the other two North Koreans and take them out of prison .
I thank him with all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why does it help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he told me .
`` I 'm helping the village <unk> . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of unknown <unk> , a new hope for me and for the people that we needed to do it .
And he showed me that kindness of strangers and the international community support are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But getting their freedom is only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families and when they went to a new country , they start with little or no money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , practices of the English language , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because a lot of us are in contact with family contact in , and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans in the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in the South Central Center .
This is the South Center : shops of <unk> , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the city planners came together , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Central Center for something more , so they switched to Los Angeles in South Los Angeles , as if this is what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is Los Angeles the South Los Angeles : <unk> , fast food , <unk> terrain .
Like <unk> million other Americans live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center in the South , home of food places to bring and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the food places to bring people more than food in the car .
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Central Los Angeles .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than , say , `` Beverly Hills , that 's like 15 miles away .
I knew that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come out of the house , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as the cars that are used .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
The food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And he also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and back to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , we planted a forest forest in front of my house .
In a sliver of land we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and me , L.A. Green <unk> , we got together and started planting our forest of food , <unk> trees , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of paid group in advance by gardeners of all the backgrounds , all of the city and completely volunteer , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , I was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city gets me over and so short , I was given a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> became order .
And I was like , `` Come on , really ?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that nobody matters ? '' So I was like , `` Well , let 's get it . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had written by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> Green members , who put a petition to <unk> , with 900 signatures , we were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> , I even called to say that they were looking at and they loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why not ?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more <unk> terrain .
It 's 68 miles of terrain .
That 's about 20 Central Parks .
That 's space enough to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on earth does n't it sound like this ?
Let 's get a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of a result .
It 's my anthem when I tell people , they cultivate your own food .
Your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central .
I grew up there . I 'm going to get my kids out there .
I was shocked to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , my art .
As a graffiti artist , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soil , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , they 're my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you let it be your canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education , the transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came a mother and her daughter , were like the 10:30 a.m. , and they were in my yard , I went out and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt embarrassed by seeing people who were so close to me with hunger , and this only reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't people go to steal your food ? ''
So , I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid you go to steal it . ''
It 's in the street .
That 's what it is about .
I want you to take it , but at its time , I want you to read your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant their mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , this was just for a moment .
So Green Green has arrived maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come , work and participate , all on a volunteer plan .
If the kids farm <unk> , the boys will eat <unk> .
If they grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught , if they 're not taught how the food affects your mind and the body , they eat blind people who put them in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're caught . I see some color boys who are on this path that are designed for them , that does n't take them anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these guys to train their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you get the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we will never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take some containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because the free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out , take the kids out of the street , to know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening markets from farmers .
What I want to do here , we need to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
So you 're going to pick them up , you know ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
So , in addition , if you want to meet with me , you know , if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and you want to have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your gardening so we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> sound ) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially not in days like today , that it rains too much .
You can have a huge amount of water on asphalt that comes a lot .
And especially if you 're going on on your bicycle and these automobiles , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a quiet road .
The solution for that is making roads of asphalt roads .
<unk> asphalt , a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands , has pores and water can happen through it , so all water water flows sideways , and they will have a road for which it 's easy to drive , and they do n't drink water never more .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very silent road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What 's going to get rid of it ? You see that on this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First of all , a stone , then several more and more and more and so forth , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But they can hurt her windshield , and they wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also take more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create bumps with that .
Ah , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see how the damage is in this material .
It 's a porous bit porous , as I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , the light light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if you <unk> , they 'll be dumped and separate from <unk> .
So , if you drive down the road , you 'll get the <unk> , as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can make this material <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is we can use steel wool , that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into chunks very small pieces , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you need to do is to heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> , and the stones would come back to the surface .
I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring a big induction machine on the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , which I 'm going to get to see what happened .
This is the show that comes out now .
So I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
So we tried a lot of samples there and then the government , actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So we gave us a piece of road , 400 meters of the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab .
We made the samples , we put a lot of charge on them , and then then we got our induction machine and the woke up and we went back and tested .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've done a material using steel fibers , bringing up these fibers , using induction energy to actually increase the lives of the road , you can even double the life of the surface , and they can even double a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious about if this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how repair repair .
But I 'm going to make an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening in his little gray radio .
I had a great smile on his face that was unusual in those times , because the news usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban went ! '' I screamed at my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a truth , '' he told me .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban were going to be taken from Afghanistan , and they did illegal girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was shocked as a child to take my older sister , that I could n't be alone , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could both educate them .
Every day , we took a different route that nobody could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide books in market bags so that it looks like we were shopping .
The school was in a house , more than 100 of us crowded in a small room .
It was nice in winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we 're going to take our lives ; the teacher , the students and our parents .
At the time , the school suddenly closed for a week , because the <unk> Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about ourselves .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where the education was <unk> and the daughters a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> in that his daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father did it .
But my mother turned a teacher .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to turn our home home to girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a bigger risk at not education .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were moments when I was very frustrated with our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force you to leave your house during a war .
But there is one thing that will always be with you , what 's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So you do n't want to continue ? ''
Today I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of women 's women have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate at <unk> College .
When I came back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was home from his home to the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to photograph me .
He was not just my university degree , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I took him on driving on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream in big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one , and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country in which is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to take advantage of the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families that , like mine , despite mine , despite even a grim opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter were going from <unk> to his village , and literally , they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When you get to your house , it 's the phone , a voice he warned you that if he kept sending her daughter to school , they would try and try .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` but it does n't harm my daughter 's future for their old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've been aware of Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been the key to our success .
In fact , they are often the first <unk> of the brilliant future of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school count in hundreds -- remember , illegal .
But today , more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in America .
The Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I 'm afraid these changes would not last long , after retirement U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at students in my school and their parents who are going to make them up , that the luxury , I see a <unk> future and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities , and every day the girls ' girls remember me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you 'll never give you a revolutionary lifestyle . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution broke through the FDA inspired as much of the Tunisian <unk> .
A forces with a lot of other other citizens , in and outside of the country to call a day of rage and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young young men were at the forefront , they were pushing out of the fall of the regime , they 're carrying advantage of freedom , they were carrying billboards , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a girl 's courage to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the West , to the south .
Finally , after a six months of <unk> and a <unk> loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and of the challenges , I 've loved , along with many other women , rebuild civil civil society , pushing an inclusive transition to democracy and national reconciliation .
About 200 organizations were established in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 to <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went to Libya and a single enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops about developing capabilities and skills of leadership .
With an amazing group of women , we started the spring of Women <unk> for Peace , a movement of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of women and our rights to participation in the construction of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period ; an environment that was getting more and more <unk> , which will be destroyed by selfish policies of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years .
However , gradually the exhilaration of elections and the revolution as a whole , were disappearing ; every day we found news from violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day , you know , the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the <unk> .
We woke up with the news of the murder of the army .
And every day , every day , we woke up with the government of militia and their lush violations of human rights , and their lack of respect for the law .
Our society , made a revolutionary mindset , became more , and it 's been away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion , and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all today to inspire our history of success on the <unk> list , and the choices .
Rather , I 'm here today to say that we , as a nation , we chose the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because the election did n't brought the peace , stability and security to Libya .
So the <unk> list and candidate between candidates and candidates brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why our society continues to polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , so much for men like for women ?
Maybe it was missing not only women , but the female values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices I needed , which only <unk> the polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the feminine representation of the most female representation of it .
We need to stop acting like outrage , and to call it to days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , which not only <unk> , but also putting in practice mercy instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that an Libya , shattered by war , desperately desperately to achieve peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that deals with the interrelationship and <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before they can make it <unk> .
According to a <unk> of the Koran -- peace -- `` it is the word of God merciful , [ <unk> ] , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all of the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic -- the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> and motherly , which consists of the humanity of men and women , which all tribes and all villages have been dumped .
And so , like the uterus cover completely the embryo , which grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is all about existence .
That 's how my mercy consists of all things . ''
This is what it 's like , `` My mercy is clear about my anger . ''
That all of them are being bent out of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you today about a disturbing question , which has a equally disturbing response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to tackle is that everybody is always doing : Why are she left ?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who sticks with ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no skilled in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> green <unk> , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I believed my twin soul , was going to his head with a gun , <unk> with bullets .
The man , when I loved anyone in this world , put a gun on my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love in love , where every year millions of women fall , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University and I have an MBA at <unk> at <unk> School .
I 've spent most of my career working for companies of the Fortune 500 , between Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
And I 've been about 20 years old to my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I drive a <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can go to anyone , all races , all of the world religions , all income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent and long duration or , said otherwise , in the families , the last place we would want or we would expect to find violence ; that 's why domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that sticks with a man who sticks , and I actually went a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in age 16 and 24 , they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the ages of other ages , and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples and boyfriends and abusive husbands in the United States .
I also went a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy night .
I was sitting on my side in the subway in New York City , and it started to get me up with me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had just graduated from an undergraduate school university , and he was working in a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most of the first encounter was that it was smart and fun , and that seemed like a guy in the field .
He had some big <unk> as apples , and a blond hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made it <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it especially at first <unk> on a pedestal .
We started getting out and loved everything from me : that I was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , who had a passion to help girls , and my work .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as no one had ever done .
And it was why the bachelor 's degree in that <unk> and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams of my dreams , but I thought that I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and I took my job together in Manhattan .
I had no idea that he was falling in a `` crazy love , '' which was going into head in a physical trap , financial trap and very carefully .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that place where you 're supposed to feel that they had to feel so safe , they bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another he kept under the pillow in our bed and the third time in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns to cause the trauma that lived in small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those were actually a message that was actually a message for me and , although I had never raised my hand , my life was serious , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises out of my neck had disappeared , I got my mother 's girlfriend suit and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happy forever , because I loved her and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very sure .
There was just very overwhelmed by the wedding , and by a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I would never hurt me .
I spent two times more on our honey moon .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost it , and he gave me so strong in the head that I 'd come up several times against the window .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , it took off the traffic and threw up a Big <unk> Mac to the face .
<unk> still went on for one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was shocked when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Control <unk> informs that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I go ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world that could help us tackle his devils .
The other question everybody is doing is : Why do n't you just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone at any moment .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to leave a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence occur after the victim has ever been end to the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has become married , <unk> of financial resources , and <unk> of the family court system to <unk> the victim and their children , who are usually forced by judges to spend no longer than the man who <unk> their mother .
And we still keep wondering why it 's just not going ?
I was able to go , because of a last beat beat me beating my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if they were allowed .
So I broke the silence .
I told him everybody : The police , my neighbors , my friends and family , all my friends and family , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to empower victims as spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say `` guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the victims ' victims intentionally fall in love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` SB , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also escaped , who learned a lesson oblivious of what happened to them , and they will promote their lives joyful and happy , wives and mothers , completely free violence , like mine .
Because it turns out I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic violence .
I got married with a guy tender and kind , and we have those three children .
I have that black hole and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to do again , ever , is a <unk> gun pointing my head into the hands of someone who says he wants to .
At this moment , they 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating , '' or `` <unk> , what silly was , but all this time I actually have been talking about you .
I assure you , there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being abused or that they were being abused or that they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> might be affecting their daughter , their sister , their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love love to break the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request for you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> thrives in silence .
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just shedding light on it .
The victims we need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of light talking about it with your kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They put their vision of survivors as fantastic people and charming , who have a full future .
Let 's take the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims safe .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that they should be .
Thank you .
Hello . I call this Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that at this moment there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't be dressed like this , luckily , I 've brought my clothes to change .
This is the first change of clothes on a TED stage ; so you have a lot of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come up , they do n't have to play it now , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to go through this sweater by head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh for me , so I do n't do anything while you cover your head .
All right .
Why do I do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer was telling me that I would take my back and get the hair out of the boy .
Of course , except with surgery or an artificial tan , like the one that I made two days ago for the work , there are very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , although shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave , means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice and white woman , and in my working sector , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but as a sincere way .
The first question is , how does it become a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high , <unk> shape , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to take away to make money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now shown skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> lovers that say -- Wait . There they are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wn .
First of all , we would encourage them to know so much models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and each of the models on the runway , and the <unk> models , just 27 , is to say , less than four percent , they were not white .
The next question that people always do is , can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I 'm not taking care of that .
But then , what I would really tell you every one of these girls is , why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> ninja surgeon , which would be awesome , because you would be the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still do n't , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` Oh my head .
Because I 'm not in charge of nothing , and you could be the U.S. <unk> journal or the H executive director , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that more you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are higher .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you have run your studies , and you have a rsum , and you do n't matter what you say , it does n't matter what you say , you know , if you said to be president of the United States , but your resume would say , `` From underwear for 10 years , people would look at you weird . ''
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos were <unk> .
And yes , it 's pretty much <unk> all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal terrain , but it was a little girl .
So I looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a slumber party a few days before the French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and in the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those photos .
They 're creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> and <unk> , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people are always doing is : Do you make things free ?
I have too many of these inches of 20 centimeters , and I 'll never use , except the couple before , but the privilege I get are I get in real life , and we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I once went to a store , and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver , a red light jumped in the red and , of course , you stood up , and it took me a sorry , agent to keep driving .
I love these privilege for my appearance , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying for a price no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of the teenagers who were stood in and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino young people in New York , so for them , is n't a question of me <unk> ?
How many times do I get bored ? And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I learned that at 53 percent of the girls in the United States , they do n't like their body , and that figure rises by 78 percent to 17 .
So the last question that people do is , how is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer that you 're expecting is , if you 're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair , you 're very happy , and you 're really happy .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe this looks like it .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative people , clever and passionate .
And that 's true , but it 's just a part of what 's going on , because what we 're never saying in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day .
And if you ever ask yourself , with some thinner legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
They just have to come together with a bunch of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and their clothes , but are probably the most unsafe women on the planet .
But especially it was difficult to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something that retain this talk , I hope they 're all more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious photos , and I did n't have the guy who pulled them up .
There were no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum care in the lighting .
In fact , most of them took them out of random tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He happened to come back to New York City just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes right now .
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching me , my wife said to me , why do n't you get to <unk> New York on a <unk> trip and you stick the ritual ?
So here 's when we started asking for the tourists that were going to get us out there .
It 's amazing that the gesture of bringing the camera into a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied , and fortunately , no one has ever been killed with the camera .
So , we were n't aware of how much life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter , what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop the time in a week of October , and we think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches the new milestones , and I can see the life through his eyes and how they perceive and interact with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all the year .
Recently , in one of the trips we were walking , when suddenly , they were stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the tent that loved little <unk> on earlier visits .
And I 'm described to me what made the five years of foot in that same place .
<unk> that remembered their heart would be <unk> by the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of being active in conscious creation .
I do n't know about you , but apart from these 15 photos , I do n't go out in a lot of the family photos .
I 'm always the one that shows the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture , and you do n't want to get up to somebody and ask them , `` Do you get a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The rabbits are in the most threatened birds .
First of all , why do they have such a bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter , like , <unk> , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , <unk> laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean . <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far from extinct . And , my favorite , the rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits of the New World who are mainly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Old World of the world , where we have 16 species -- of these 16 , 11 face of extinction .
So , why are rabbits important ? First of all , they provide vital green services .
They are our gatherers of natural junk gatherers .
There are dead bodies to the bone .
They help killing all of bacteria , they help absorb anthrax that they wo n't be disrupted , and it would cause huge losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there is no rabbits , the carcasses are three to four times more time in broken , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of disease .
<unk> also have enormous historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the motherhood , and , along with the king cobra , they <unk> the unit between the Alto and the low Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the Tasmanian goddess of devil heads .
In the <unk> culture , it 's really important at places like the open sky , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are at far endangered endangered .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , rabbits are victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critically endangered list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old , and the reason is because they fall prey from cattle consumption that 's been treated with a drug <unk> .
This drug has been banned to veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street landfills , and when you have a street dogs , you have a huge pump of time for anger , the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be up of the Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind power , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> .
In West Africa , there 's a horrific trade of rabbits dead to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what are you doing ? Well , we 're investigating these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so to focus on a problem locally , it 's not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments at the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and you have to look at your time to spread the word .
When you leave this room , you will tell you about rabbits , but talk to your families , with their children , with their neighbors about rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed from opinion because he saw it flying without effort spending no energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do , and all I do professionally -- my life -- it 's been molded for seven years of work for my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , <unk> young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast and Somalia , in projects of technological cooperation with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , in the 21st , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we did is we played this thing .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where we decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food .
So we came up with Italian seeds in the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the river River , and we teach the local , to grow Italian and <unk> tomatoes , and ...
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so they 're going to take them to work , and sometimes , they did n't meet . We were amazed that the local , in such fertile valley , had not had agriculture .
And yet , instead of asking them how it was possible that we did n't hear anything , we simply said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` Just at time to save the people in Zambia of famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was really grown .
We got these magnificent tomatoes in Italy , in Italy , a tomato tomato . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red tomatoes , overnight , about 200 <unk> showed up from the river and ate everything . And we said , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , that 's why we do n't have agriculture here , '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought that only the Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then I saw what Americans did , what the English were doing , what the French did , and then to see what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
We would see the waste of the waste -- we 'll see the waste that we 're going to get to the <unk> of Africa .
He wants to read a book , I read `` dead performance , '' <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western nations , we 've given the continent Africa two million dollars over the last 50 years .
I do n't tell you about damage that money has caused .
You just read your book .
It was part of an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , missionaries <unk> , and we treat people only in two ways : or we 're building them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin `` <unk> '' root , which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture , as if it would be my kids , `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture like my servants .
That 's why white in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference on the ground and said , `` We can -- you can -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided to just answer the people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> , where you never start anything , you 're never given anybody , but becomes a servant of the local passion , the servant of local passion , who have sleep to become a better person .
So what do you do ? <unk> .
You never get to a community with an idea , and you sit with people in the city .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give an idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea can not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So , years back , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard it ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never run , and they 'll never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , which opportunity they 've identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know , because they do n't go to your public meetings .
What do we do ? We work on one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family of the company , the business family of the business , which is established with you in your home , at the table in your kitchen , in the coffee , and it helps you find the resources to transform his passion in a way of making a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time , trying to get away from this patronizing junk that we came to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going , and the government came to me to ask , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
I come up and I heard them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again , '' we 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped 40,000 business .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away from 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a philosophy professor before involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of death from the corporate spirit .
And so now we 're going to start by reconstructing without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk with you .
You 've got to offer it for sure , privacy , you have to be fantastic by helping you , and then you 're going to make it , come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we got 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you show you , you 've got more of this morning ?
<unk> local people . That 's what you 've got to do .
So , what I tell you is that an entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution , we 're going <unk> renewable , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machines is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we need ourselves , heal , we educate , we transport , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are n't the technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? The universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that 's in a magazine editing many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the living year .
And in the 1950s , he brought together this group of people , and <unk> about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and they talked to it , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move across the population of New York around them , taking six million horses , and the dung produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already being used in dung . So , in <unk> , they were <unk> this dirty technology that we will do in New York City .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , there were <unk> manufacturing companies , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few , <unk> , factories in places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you 've got to offer you guys .
Otherwise , they wo n't come to talk to you .
Then you have to offer you an absolute , dedicated , <unk> service .
And then later , you 'll have to tell you the truth about it to start .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to count on a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a fantastic financial administration .
Guess what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that I can do , sell and find money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've investigated and looked at the 100 companies of the world of Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all of the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of them were started by one person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` us , '' 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
No one begins a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee bars , bars with their comrades , who will do for you , what someone did for you , what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epic , someone who 's asking you , what does it need ?
What can you do ? Can you do that ?
Well , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , that 's why we do n't change much knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years , I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment ?
How do I share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better ?
How do I share more of our hopes for empty stores , so that our communities can reflect our own needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds a relief with giant <unk> <unk> , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It 's always going to sink to music , there 's a parade in New Orleans ; the city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the most African-American properties of America .
I live close to this house and thought about how it could turn it into a more pleasant space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death and I thought about death .
And this led to me a profound gratitude for the living time and so .
It gave clarity to the significant things about my current life .
But let me try to keep this look in my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be allowed to get down the day and forgetting the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned board on a giant board , and he painted about it to be , `` Before I want to die I want ... ''
So the passerby could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and sharing personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was full , and I was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die I want to sit on the line of date change . ''
`` Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
Before I die I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die I want to teach you again again . ''
`` Before I die I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hopes for people made me laugh , and I <unk> , and made me comfort at difficult times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about making reflection and contemplation and remembering what 's most important for us as we grow and we change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've done walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we demonstrated the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things that we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of increasing increasing , it 's more important than ever , finding the ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate .
And death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that we 're getting more power .
Think of the death of our life .
Our spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as community and more media to share hope , fears and stories , the people around us ca n't only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Today , I have a single request .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 years old , it 's high and very handsome .
You do n't talk , but it brings better joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
It shares what happens to happen .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
You do n't care about religious differences and look at this : I 've never lied .
When singing songs of our childhood , trying to speak words of words that I could n't even remind me , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that it must be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 years old . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but it reminds me of the year he came out every single song of my iPod , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , to pee in my arm during the first episode of <unk> and Lady Gaga .
Would you not find them amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they are often ignored and <unk> .
But what it propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even if you would n't consider them in the ordinary , that only could mean one thing : <unk> and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests differently in a different way , from there that would be so different from Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , they get diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the developmental disorders that faster increases in the world , there is no cause of any known cure .
I do n't agree with autism , but I do n't remember one day without it .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When a few months ago , I realized that he was different .
It 's very much .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He lived in a living room , and he had his own world , and he found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting cars in row around the room , stare at the washing machine and eat anything that was in between .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences became more apparent .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who sees the world without prejudice , a human being that I had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult moments in my family , moments in which I wish they were just like me .
But I look back to things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that would n't want to change for normal .
The normality of the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that any one is wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing , and I used to go one thing to you and Sam and you , you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because , autistic or no , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift inside , and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the last potential of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change die at the moment where we 're trying to be the others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit what it must have been to be Alice in the 1991 .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , that gave a kind of communication to engineering students .
I was scared . They 're really afraid of these students with their great minds , their great books and their great unknown words .
But when those conversations are , I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the hole in the rabbit and saw the door of a new world .
Just so I felt when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised by the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a big communication .
We desperately need a huge communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to the environment and health care , between others , and if we do n't know about it , work is n't done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these great conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers do n't invite us to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and that its engineering is attractive .
First question to <unk> : and then what ?
Let me tell you why science is relevant to us .
We do n't just tell us that they study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when they 're describing their science , care about the jargon .
The jargon is an obstacle to our understanding of your ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary '' but why do n't you say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> <unk> is not the same as dumb .
Instead , as Einstein said , everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can be able to communicate clearly their science without engaging the ideas .
Something to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're just going to move on and forth with their content .
And by presenting his work , forget about the bullet signs .
You 've wondered why they 're called `` bullets , '' what are the bullets doing ? <unk> kill , and they 'll kill their presentation .
One <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's getting too much in the area of the language of our brain , and we are overwhelmed .
Instead , this <unk> of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple quote , legible , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then provide the graphics that will encourage our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what they 're described .
I think these are just key ones that can help others to open the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering .
And so , scientists and engineers , when they 've solved this equation , by all media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds pretty good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest policy . ''
Although there was a southern editor in the 19th century that defined it so much better when he said , `` One <unk> ' is that seeking a public charge no matter , platform or principle , and that , when you win , you get it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are based on politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words they were told in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the courage of a <unk> named <unk> <unk> , who confronted the Parliament .
She was thrown in the London Tower and incarcerated , but he had enough courage to tackle them , and eventually he had a popular support in London that won .
And just a few years later , we had the first use of the first use of the phrase , `` This <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an advocate of freedom of freedom .
But to show you really how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
They had all kinds of suggestions that might have been introduced .
Some wanted to call him `` Chief of State of State '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and other people `` <unk> from the American People in America . ''
Not very attractive .
Some of them just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was proven to be tested .
And not even with it , they were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain term .
And it could have served .
All the world got immensely upset , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
I read the daily senator newspaper , and I always wrote , `` Still with this topic . ''
What caused the delay and <unk> was that the House of Representatives were against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did not want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him a King , if he was giving him or his successor to him .
So they wanted to give him the most modest , more insignificant , <unk> title .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . It was already before , but it only meant `` somebody who would take a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> '' .
There were presidents were born of little <unk> colonial presidents and government fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate went into .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who will be seriously ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Australian Senate .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite , until I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been <unk> in the president 's title .
President Barack Obama will be lucky , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible that we 're going to keep waiting for more .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the President of America does n't sound at all as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads available , the largest economy in the world and a fleet of air vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story have endowed with the title of <unk> .
So in the end , I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a singularity .
But how many nations have the president now ?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because nobody 's going to feel humble when you tell you that they 're the president of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson we can learn , and what I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but actually , reality change much more words than what these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of bodies that go in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of <unk> male and stones and stones were prepared with primitive tools .
Like others , I 've been wearing a cheap lamp of light , attached to the head with this little <unk> elastic , and I can barely tell the <unk> branches that hold the walls of that hole in a subway that drops hundreds of meters on land .
And I 'd run my hand and suddenly I remember a miner that I met days before , who lost the control and fell countless feet in that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are on the depths of that hole , at the depths of their lives without pay or reward and often dying .
And I went home that hole and went home , but they 'll never do it , because they 're dam of slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all of the amazing people I met there , I met an <unk> , the <unk> , an NGO who is dedicated to eradicating modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and really , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not to such a degree .
When we end up talking to me , I felt really bad -- I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this third of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a stomach , and weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> , and offer my help .
This is how my journey began to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been on many of these sites .
Some , even , considered my second home .
But this time , they 'd hang down dirty holes .
A conservative calculation is that there are currently over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice as much as the number of Africans displaced for all about <unk> slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
That 's the equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
However , today , you can be enslaving all entire families for generations for $ 18 $ 18 .
Surprisingly , slavery generates more than 13 billion dollars a year across the world .
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to find that they are forced to work without paying , under threat of violence , and they ca n't escape .
Today , slavery operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves have value , but who produce them are disposable .
slavery exists in almost all the world , and yet it 's illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the brick furnaces .
This strange and formidable show was like in the old Egypt , or to sleep with Dante .
<unk> at a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped up in a heavy overcoat of <unk> <unk> <unk> in their heads , until 18 at once , and they carry them from hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness works in silence , doing this task over and over and over 17 hours a day .
There was no pause to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> made to pee out quite inconsequential .
They were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot , and he stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to <unk> , and sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a much better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces , I wanted to cry , but the guy who was on my side , he quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly that to prove emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was no citizen of that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> , and work within the system for his release and trusted to be able to get it .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my shattered heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids hauling rocks for miles per mile through mountain ground to trucks down .
Those great ones were stronger than children who were charged with , and kids hold them into their heads with their heads of <unk> , strings and rags and rags .
It 's hard to see something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> because this has been this whole life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> they have full of their homes .
When you hear the word slavery often we think of sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with safety in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was <unk> women who had been previously possible sex sex .
It led me by a few <unk> stairs which gave this dirty basement , <unk> light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where slavery would take place with their girls and children , some of that only seven years -- are forced to entertain the clients and they were able to buy more food and alcohol .
Each position is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers are often suffering from sexual abuse to their customers .
On the dusk , I remember having sense a fear of hot , hot grief , and in that moment , I could barely imagine what it must be left in that hell .
I just had a <unk> : the stairs where I walked into .
There were no back doors .
There were no big windows like climb in .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we touch a topic that hard , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people who are <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 , 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to with slave labor .
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of his children .
<unk> <unk> in these large barrels , and they dip the silk in the liquid to their elbows , but it is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , though , to be able to go out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay us our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , make sense of no ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their continued families , missing and forced to work <unk> in these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This child has eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , I was shaking , and that 's what their little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The <unk> branches of trees plunged into Lake Volta often catch networks and children , <unk> and fear , got to the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drown .
Since remember , it 's always been forced to work on the lake .
For fear of his love is not going to run away and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> treated the younger slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they raised the last networks , but they had been working from the last one .
windy night and windiest .
And it would point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen .
I met him in a shelter in which the <unk> ' <unk> would go to the victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes how possible .
Who is going to be because someone decided to make a difference in their life ?
He went through a road in Ghana with <unk> partners , a fellow <unk> with his motorbike suddenly sped up and <unk> our car and touched the window .
He asked us to put it on a road path to the forest .
At the end of the road , we were getting rid of the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
And then he pointed out this path barely visible and said , `` This is the path , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started down , we took the <unk> that <unk> the path , and after walking around an hour , we found that the path was driven by the last rain , so I put the photos of photos on my head as I would take the pictures up to the chest .
After two hours of walk , the <unk> path ended up abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all full of their enslaved workers .
A lot of women had children tied to their backs , and while they were looking for gold , they would walk in the poison waters with mercury .
The mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a hole in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were rooted in their own sweat .
I remember watching his eyes tired , <unk> , because many of them had been underground for 72 hours .
The pits have to be 90 meters , and these people carry heavy stone bags and then they 'll be shipped off to another area where the stone would be able to extract the gold .
To the first view , the site seems to be filled with strong men and <unk> , but if you look closer , the margin , we see to the other less fortunate and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and spreading through mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died he took him to work with him in mines .
When his uncle died , she <unk> the debt of the uncle that 's going to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the mines 14 years old and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that the doctors were saying it must be .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet that 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Still , he dreams with being liberated and educated with the help of local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , of face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you across the world .
I wanted you to know that we will be testimony to them , and we 'll make everything possible to help change their lives .
I truly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it makes it very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not the magazines . They 're from people , real people , like you and me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that happens that I do n't think about these many beautiful people , battered , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images take a force where you see them , in people like you , and I hope that force turn on a fire and that fire <unk> light about slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does , we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'm going to try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were asking ourselves of the ballet and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later .
But the demand for a degree of extraordinary training , a high level of dexterity and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease completely destroy this extraordinary ability , as he does with my friend <unk> <unk> , who , in his time , was a virtuous ballet dancer .
In the last few years , we 've been made a lot of progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> millions of people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we 'll know if there 's really a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement there is no biological markers . That 's why they do n't work with blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological examination of 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic . It 's very , very , very expensive , and that means that , outside the clinical trials , they 're never done . It 's never been done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a journey to the clinic . What if the patients could do the test for themselves ?
You would n't need a staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars on the neurological clinic .
So , what I want to propose to you as a <unk> way to try , you see , in a sense , at least , we 're all <unk> , like my former Muslim <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal cords .
It shows somebody healthy while it emits a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate the dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes needed . It 's <unk> , for example .
And like ballet , it requires an extraordinary level of training .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child learning to talk .
From the sound , we can track the position of vocal cords as they look like vibrate , and as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom , you can see a irregular <unk> example of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
Holy shake weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both not invasive .
The neurological test is not non-invasive . Both existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole range of hospitals to make them .
Both of them are skillful . Well , but in addition , they 're based on voice tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds a lot .
They 're at minimal cost and we all know what happens .
When something takes a cost so low : it appears a massive scale .
These are some amazing targets to address .
We can reduce their patients ' difficulties .
You would n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> .
With high-speed monitoring , we could get data .
We could make massive massive at low cost for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> doable in a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers in the disease before it 's too late .
So by giving the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to tackle these goals .
We have <unk> local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with or without Parkinson 's , can call it low price and put recordings for a cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So by Max , taking all of these samples from , say 10,000 people , will be able to say who 's healthy and who 's not ?
So what are you going to take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What 's happening is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people may not take it . You may not finish it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important , because we 're looking for <unk> the factors of confusion looking for the actual markers of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on mobile phone network as well , what we 're going to do . Now we have a 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March 2011 , I was making <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures , gray creatures .
We 're staying in the dark , in rooms without windows and , usually we avoid sunlight .
We make thin models even thinner , the perfect skin is still more perfect , we do the impossible , possible , and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent for many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
A long time later , an organization where it was voluntary , there was <unk> <unk> , he was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I went to <unk> .
It 's a little <unk> town in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first towns affected by the wave .
The level of water has reached over 24 feet tall , and over three miles of land inside .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We got rubble from the channels and the ditches .
<unk> schools . We took the mud , and we left the lists to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead , smelly fish from the local factory .
We 're going to love it , and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers as the neighbors found things like this .
They found pictures and film film and cameras and cards .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and take them to different places of people around the villages .
It was n't until then I realized that these pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
As they were fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to leave absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a rescue center in the village .
It helped clean out the vast bathrooms , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the rescue center would pick up the photos .
And they had the honor of them , and I had the honor of that day for me to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard of expression beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I went through my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the pictures , I found some that had more than a hundred years old , were still in the lab , could n't help us think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> , and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I walked into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started playing pictures .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too spoiled , but where the water had been rubbing the face of the girl , had to get up with a lot of precision and very careful .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't have the aspect of it , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture .
Over the time , they came up with a little bit more photos , and they took more <unk> , so it was that I went back into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people to come together .
In Japan , in July , we mobilized <unk> , a neighboring village north of <unk> .
Once a week , we use our scanner in the <unk> libraries that had installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it took in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could entail an hour . It could be a second weeks .
It could entail months .
This <unk> had to draw as much as a guide in the areas that color and detail the water had not destroyed .
I took a long time .
And the water destroyed all of these pictures , submerged in seawater , covered with algae , with algae , even with oil , all of it , with the time I continue to go through , and that 's why <unk> by hand was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak the picture unless it was clean , dry and had been scratched by his owner .
We were lucky with cleaning up .
We have the guide of an admirable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt even more the photos already damaged .
As once he said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these photos were lucky to the photos .
He had started <unk> herself , but she stopped to realize that it was even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of their husband and his face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to <unk> the images in a single picture and tweak the whole photo .
When I picked up their pictures shared something from their history with us .
A few colleagues from her husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble quite far away from where they used to be their home , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to closing the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water as the Sirens sounded .
Their little sons , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was caught in the water .
It took a week to find his entire family and know that everyone had survived .
The day I handed her to her son was 14 , 14 years old .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could remember from the past that I could remember from the past day , when everything in his life changed or destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up with hundreds of them , and hundreds of them helped us to clean up with a few hundred pictures -- the vast majority of them returned to their own owners .
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us back to 90 families and hundreds of photos were completely remixable .
During this time , we do n't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of them in ink .
We took pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , a loved relationship .
They are <unk> of our memories and stories , the last thing we would take us , but the first thing that we 're going to do , but the first thing we 're going to do .
This was what the project was about , to restore small pieces of humanity , to give back someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this comes back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a huge difference in the life of the <unk> .
Some of them connected to something larger , and bring it back to something , using their talent for something that are not just perfect models of perfect skin .
So I would just like to read this email , I was sent by Cindy that day I came back from Japan after six months .
While I was <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about people and stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathering around a baby , was moved by , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter , hangs out of our wall .
In the whole world , in all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> was inspired by awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that 's going through an apple in an exhibition of just a billionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion frames per second .
I present to you a new kind of photograph : the <unk> -- a new technique so fast that you can create video on the slow motion of light moving .
And with that , we can create cameras that can look after corners , beyond the line of vision , or looking inside of the body without using X-rays , and challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it up and put it into a <unk> second or it 's , in various <unk> , creating a <unk> package of just a millimeter wide .
And that packet of photons , that bullet , traveling the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
So if you take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle , how are these photons into this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel to the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light moving .
Coca-Cola did n't solve this research . They 're a lot of things in this film , and they 're taking this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , comes in the bottle with a packet of photons , and it starts to <unk> , and that , it starts <unk> .
Part of the light gets off , goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
Many of the photons finally get to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a <unk> bubble that 's bouncing inside .
At that time , the waves travel down the table , and because of the reflections of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle , after various frames , that anybody concentrate .
Now , if you take a common bullet and you make it , and you make it go out the same distance , and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much would you think it would take us to sit on to see that movie ?
One week ? A week ? Actually , it 's a year .
It would be a very boring movie of a slow bullet in motion .
And how about testing dead nature ?
You can see the waves that get rid of the table , from tomato and wall .
It 's like throwing a stone into a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at once , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll realize that , as the light gets taken over the tomato , it 's still brilliant . It 's not <unk> .
Why ? Because tomato is ripe and the light bounces inside it , and it turns it back after several second <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your mobile phones , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if you take a picture at low exposure , it comes very little light .
But we 'll go to a billion times faster than the shortest exposure , so I 'll just go into some light .
We sent that bullet , that pack of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over and over and over and over with a very , very cleverly , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those data on raw data and <unk> it in a interesting way .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a future superhero would allow you to see after corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , <unk> , to enter the room , a part of it is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
We could get those multiple <unk> out of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy , <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Nature .
And a small fraction of the photons go back to the camera , but interestingly , at a slightly different time .
And as we have a camera that works like this fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It has very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door and also the hidden things , but we do n't know what dot corresponds to how far .
By projecting a laser , you can record a raw photograph , which , you see on the screen , it does n't really make any sense .
But we 'll take many images like this , and we 'll take a lot of images , and we 're going to try and look at the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , can we see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions with what 's on the back of the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions , looking at the light reflected in open windows .
Or we could build <unk> capable of looking at the interior of the body , through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the fabric and the blood that 's quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation .
And as Doc <unk> , he himself was a scientist , it turned science in art , an art of photographs .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collect is not just for scientific visualizations , but we can be able to realize that .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and code code .
And look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves 's waves is just a few <unk> .
But here 's a funny thing going on here .
If you look at the waves below the top , these are going out of us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we are recording almost at the speed of light , we have weird effects . A Einstein would have loved to see this picture .
The order that events occur in the world sometimes shows the camera .
We would promote a corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , it can be a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a cell phone , you can tweet a message and starting a protest in Egypt .
With a cell phone , you can record a song , move it to <unk> and get famous .
This is all possible with a cell phone .
I 'm a <unk> in 1984 and live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathered that you put together to go for a change , they had a mobile phone .
Who of the present people have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Hands up with your mobile phones .
<unk> . A Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everybody has a mobile phone .
But today I 'm talking about me , my mobile phone , and how life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
Third data in gross .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U on the E.U .
The <unk> of the data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every European Internet provider , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use mobile phone , where we are .
All of this information is stored for at least six months , and until two years , in their phone company or their Internet provider .
And all of Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data retention .
We want to be self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the telephone and the Internet providers , stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , all of them said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets in Berlin and said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them actually said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of Eastern Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any time I use your phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , who please get me to get all the information that they had about me .
I asked them once , and I came back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life .
So I decided to get a lawsuit out of court because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give you this information .
At the end of it , they agreed .
They would take the demand and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed <unk> to the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> lines of information .
At the beginning and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . OK .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this archive .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I go the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to come out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what data retention is .
So , along with <unk> Online , Open Data City , did this .
This is a five-minute visualization of my life .
You can zoom in and move away , go back and go forward .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to get a train train , and how often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a bit of fear .
But it 's not just me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we 're talking a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends , and they 're called each other .
And then you call the other one , and the other one , and we ended up with this big communications network .
You can see how people communicate to each other what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see this all .
You can see the centers , the group leaders .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
So this is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who 's talking to who , who sends an email who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and even two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all of these people in the streets in Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone .
And the <unk> would have known who was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> would have known who leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall is probably never happened .
And as a result , it 's not the fall of the <unk> .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value of the 21st century and it 's not past fashion .
When you go home , tell your representative of them who just because companies and state agencies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information they store from you .
So in the future , every time you use your cell phones that are given to you to remember that you have to fight for the self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor that brought me into the world .
<unk> my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , and that 's why I 've been cerebral palsy .
Look at it .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad did .
ATMs C. <unk> is not genetic .
It 's not <unk> , it ca n't contract .
No one <unk> the uterus from my mother and not <unk> because my parents were brothers cousins , even though they are .
It 's just by accidents , like the one that happened to birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , you have to be disabled .
Let 's go .
Christmas Christmas , they 're at the mall , they 're driving in circles in search of parking lot , and what do you see ?
16 empty places for disabled .
And they think , `` Oh , God , can I be at least a little impaired ? ''
And I 'm going to say , I have 99 problems , and P. C is just one of them .
There was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and living in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initial .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` you ca n't . ''
The mantra of my dad was , `` Can you [ cannon ] do it ; dancing <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters , I cleaned up .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents <unk> the school system , and they were thrilled that I was too , and if we were n't going to pull all over the top , all of us would get the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me to walk at the age of five , putting my toes on their feet and just walking .
Another tactics I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me so that I 'm going to get it .
The <unk> I carry in it was very strong .
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion who has gotten a lot of hits .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think no one realized that we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 and the politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate hatred '' as a campaign motto .
The people I grew up with no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot like I was dying of starvation during the <unk> .
I was telling them that he had enough fat to live three months without eating , so during the dawn of dawn at dusk is very easy .
I danced up on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and we want to be <unk> , so if my friends used heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to go on the summer holidays on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers on a war zone , because my parents were afraid if we 're not going to go back to Palestine , all the summers -- we 're going to Madonna .
On the summer holiday often , my father was a <unk> , so I drank milk from deer , put me up in hot cups on my back , and I would go back in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water to get my eyes back and thought , `` It works , it works . ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say , it 's very boring , but before I do yoga , I was a comedian in stand-up I could n't stand up [ booth ] .
And now I can stand on your head .
My parents took this idea that I could do anything , that no sleep was impossible , and my dream was to be at the General Law Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for <unk> , University of the state of Arizona , because I went in all the <unk> .
It was like the pet <unk> of the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent tasks , I took the top note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I was doing a scene from the crystal zoo my professors <unk> .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at four winds , and I 'm going to have a role !
I have cerebral palsy .
At the end end , free !
Thank God Almighty , I 'm free .
I did n't get the paper . They gave him <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> running to the director of the theater , crying historically , as if somebody had killed my cat , to ask him why and she told me why they could n't do the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role that was literally born and gave it a without cerebral palsy .
college was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> story of <unk> actors with no disabled papers .
When I graduated from , I went home , and my first <unk> tour was kind of an extra thing on a Paris strategy .
My dream was true .
And I knew it would be <unk> of `` mate '' to `` better friend crazy friend . ''
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , I did n't see me more than the back of the head , and it was clear to me that <unk> directors do n't prescribe actors , not white , with disability .
You just miss it to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching Goldberg <unk> , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
So I made it <unk> .
On my first tour , he took famous comics from New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comical that took when he fell on the head of the New Jersey freeway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs all the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without veiled and without veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> in the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little nasty rumor that 's saying that women are n't fun , and they find us very funny .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York Festival from New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media and to remind you to remind the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
<unk> Arabs were much easier to fight against the challenge of the disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news program by wire has Keith <unk> .
I walked in like a graduation dance , I went back to a studio and sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two . ''
And we were in live !
So I lie on to the desk who 's not going to go out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , it was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew you would n't come back to me .
But not just Mr. <unk> came back to me , but he stayed like the full-time participant and pasted my chair .
Something that I 've learned in direct with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that children are cruel , but they would never get away from me or a little older girl .
Suddenly , my disability on the Internet became made of ridicule .
I would see clips online with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite one : `` Poor <unk> terrorist . ''
What disease has it ?
We should really pray for her . ''
A commentator suggested that I even would add my disability to my rsum : a writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
Behavioral is as visual as a race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make any <unk> , then you ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
<unk> are the ... Yes , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors would say not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with media media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create some more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there was more positive images , that would be less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids well .
My tortuous trip has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet , by the counter , Susan <unk> and the famous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my hero , incredible Dave Matthews .
We 're going crazy , `` Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` Children 's Kids , '' a charity to give the Palestinian refugee children a tiny bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live live , and I do this talk to his memory .
rest in peace , Dad .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a kid in a small village .
I do n't know your name , but I know your story .
He lives in a little village to the South <unk> .
This people are near <unk> .
<unk> drives small people to poverty and the edge of starvation .
No one for him there , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there are no opportunities , no work , no future perspectives .
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day he 's going to get on to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He knows a dynamic group of people , which gives him a break .
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , their family .
They present to a young man .
They finally got home .
It starts a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a bomb .
That child in that small village with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to the <unk> , a connected terrorist organization to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start their future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he got .
This was the first thing that he pulled him from what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And the story repeats in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young unemployed urban young unemployed who had riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking for something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from higher rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people living in cities are going to be under 18 years .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them an opportunity , the story of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , will be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my city of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , do n't go to school .
They do n't do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember standing at that hospital hospital , thinking , `` And if I would never have gone ? ''
And if I would have been forced to be in that same `` waiting period '' ?
Would you have a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house to home with youth leaders in a business summit .
We went through 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down , and we had a brainstorming on the solutions to the great challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to <unk> University , he graduated .
There was no work , no opportunity .
I remember when he said to me , because he was a graduate student , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white white woman and other terrorists , to be recruited .
They were looking at people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and I recommended it .
He started a motorcycle company .
He started putting out <unk> to local residents who were typically unable to get it .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorbikes over the next three years .
Why is this different ?
What makes this story different ?
I think the ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the `` waiting period . ''
<unk> young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me to train some of the young people in the pinnacle of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and until Mohamed came , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were sent out of plastic from the abroad .
If you hit someone , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those of that grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a company of <unk> and floral design .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started growing <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And he began the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in houses , and business companies , and now it 's working on the creation of the first <unk> public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , `` smell <unk> . ''
By the way , he does n't grow pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire the young , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
It forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
The encouraged to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that they could be <unk> .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They 're <unk> business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and create an entrepreneurial spirit culture is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and set out of their business .
Let 's go to young people with the resources that they need , they need the support they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the business spirit is something more than to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Its Peace Park , this is how it calls it , and it will transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired kids from the street to help rent and keep motorcycles for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape the <unk> of the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to turn young people into entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and <unk> of the Peace than they 're going to do and they 're waiting .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area in the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The forest 's forest .
The sun was making the leaves of the leaves like a <unk> , and not the way we were still , we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful lens when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed , there was a dump , about four square meters with apple hearts , rotten paper balls , and old shoe .
And I was stunned , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
The ones that were too lazy to take out what they had brought in , who thought he was going to wipe out their trash ?
That question went on with me , and it was a little bit .
Who clean our trash ?
Does n't it matter how to organize it or where to put the `` our '' , who clean our trash in Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York City , the Department of <unk> clean our trash , for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know that as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What do you feel like to use the uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked through the road , and I interviewed people in offices and facilities in the entire city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go more .
So I started working like <unk> .
I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did it .
And it operated the mechanical <unk> and the snow pole .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody wonders about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevailing as you believe , and in the days it 's very strong , you get used fast .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies , and they kept getting them to the weight of getting on their body tons of waste every week .
There 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and in traffic all day and you 're going through around you .
They just want to be <unk> , so usually the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and have terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of the trash .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that waste is like a force of nature itself .
He never stops coming .
It 's also like a form of breathing or circulation .
It should always be moving .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that the stigma is particularly ironic , because I think the midden ecosystems are the most important work on the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protecting of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in a efficient and effective form every day , this starts to <unk> out of its containers and its dangers , inherent to us in very real ways .
Disease that we had run for decades and centuries returning to sprout , and they start <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for the new thing that the economy engines begin to fail when they 're in danger .
And I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just put their relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average everyday speed you need .
I mean , I 'm just talking about the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't worry about it , nor woke up , cleaned up or take our coffee cup , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them , we throw them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that you would take out of it .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the waste of waste that will perhaps help reduce the stigma and put it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Your job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going to fix it .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They are almost a form of relief .
The flow that keep us safe from ourselves , of our own waste , our waste , and that flow will always be held in one way or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 , I heard the grunt of a waste collection from a waste collection on the street , grabbed my little son , and he pulled the stairs running , and there was a man doing his journey of recycled paper as I did every Wednesday .
And I tried to thank you for doing his job that particular day , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be good .
We 're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started researching the waste collection and came back to that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we work together a lot of times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have to account for all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we 're talking about trash , it 's three percent of the amount of waste in the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next thing you see to someone whose work is clean in you , take a moment to acknowledge them .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born of the environment and local traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
And they also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives becomes an essential part of the play of architecture .
So the first example started with an invitation to design a mall of <unk> in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example , my team and I , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
And after seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important things to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores , where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy because the skin skin generates heat inside , so it 's a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen , because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year .
And thirdly , it looks like nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really hooked on the ancient market that is this structure in the air that thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to little vendors .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , of various stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was introduced to the survey of the site , which is located in an area of much growth in the city , where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image , there was n't there .
And it 's also between two different streets that do n't communicate on an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , assembling all the entries in the building .
And this extends out with an inclined atrium that creates an open-air space in the building that was authorized , by its own form , from sun and rain .
And around this space , we applied the idea of the market with little businesses , which changes on every floor because of the shape of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that <unk> the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar fabric of a concrete shell with the drilling entry , and also the light , but in a way , it turns out .
We then inspiration us in these beautiful buttons in the Ethiopians .
They have some properties of fractal geometry , and it helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little retinal pieces that are the windows that let go through the air and light in a way controlled in the building .
This would be attached to these little crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince the developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It was n't what we asked . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center of the mall , because at the end of the day there was more local local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much cheaper , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy power for the building in a city where electricity is nearly every day .
So we got a big advantage to putting on <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels we think on the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together collect water for the <unk> .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we 're on the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan for 2000 apartments and services in Tunisia .
And to make a project that is so big , the biggest I 've ever designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention in the <unk> , a structure of 1,000 years old that was surrounded by a wall with twelve access door connected by almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was to expand the streets in existing streets , creating 12 similar building blocks about size and characteristics that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell of the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's a difference , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So let 's take a schematic that claims that most apartments are perfectly future-oriented .
And this is the result of almost as a combination of the European block and Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set greater density at higher levels and lower density in the plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving back to the community , the <unk> space .
It 's where all the neighbors can go up and socialize , and make activities such as a run of two miles in the morning , or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to the design process .
And also , they 're in the emerging countries , where you can see the cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in the lives of people change communities and local economies at the same pace that grow buildings .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had huge amounts of hair and a little <unk> of pencils , cute , it was super strong for <unk> capital , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I get my sinister plan .
I stayed a time after school exit , I was a little late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took off the table of my teacher 's book .
And then I did .
<unk> the ratings of my rival , just a little bit , just a few of them .
All the way . And I set up to give back the book to the crate , but to see , some of my other teammates had very good grades as well .
So , in a frenzy , we 'll get the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them up to all lines of <unk> and myself a row of myself , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came .
I do n't understand why I felt good .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught up .
It was that everything was obvious .
I never discovered me .
But most of all , I was struck by reason why I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good for <unk> .
I 'm struck by the jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so forth .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also , the tiles tiles are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study to analyze loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the laboratory where the jealousy would be in all possible shapes .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if no jealousy , I would have no literature .
Well , I would n't have Helena the <unk> , there would n't be a Odyssey .
There would be no black king , no `` <unk> and a nights . ''
There 's no Shakespeare .
<unk> the high school reading lists , because we would be losing `` The Noise and the <unk> , '' would n't have `` Gatsby '' and `` Party , '' we will lose `` Madame <unk> , '' and `` Anna K . ''
No jealousy , no jealousy , there 's no Proust ; I know that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , it 's almost all of them .
This year is 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In search of the lost time , '' the hardest study of the sex jealousy and also the ordinary competitiveness , mine , everything we could have . And thinking in Proust , we have the details to be <unk> , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile the dream .
We think of a <unk> <unk> in you .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's the books that Virginia <unk> said were as hard as <unk> .
I do n't know how it 's cat <unk> , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're going so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious as the jealousy , that you get to the person , to their desire , to their impediments , are a strong narrative base ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's life , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Now , being like storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to <unk> the knife , right ?
The jealousy will make us all amateurs , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she makes to give me pleasure could give me pleasure , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to yourself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh <unk> that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds it to his collection of <unk> instruments in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , Proust Proust would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
The jealousy are <unk> .
It 's an emotion emotion . You have to power it .
And how do they jealousy ?
The jealousy got out of information .
<unk> use the details .
The jealousy amounts of hair , bright hair and the nice little <unk> of pencils .
The jealousy got out of the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful . Proust links to be <unk> language with jealousy .
When <unk> is in the jealousy agony , suddenly it 's listening to the doors of the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , then advocates that .
He says , `` Look , I know you think that this is disgusting , but it 's not different from the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that the jealousy look <unk> and make us seem <unk> , but in their heart , they 're seeking knowledge , search for the truth , a painful truth . In fact , what Proust matters , the more painful the truth , the better .
The pain , humiliation , loss : These are the pathways toward wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer , causes it to us , a much deeper feelings of feelings that a wise man would be interested in . ''
Is it telling us we 're going to go for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy will reveal us .
And there 's some other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion is reveals our aggression , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Would any other excitement that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write on this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young man who was being used to be used by the idea that his wife would hug him .
And Freud said that there was something strange in that man , who did n't get into what his wife did .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife did , without realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Did you get too much ? Is it accidentally <unk> with a man ?
Freud says that man was becoming the unconscious of the unconscious of his wife .
novels are really good at this .
novels describe very well , how the jealousy will make us look at intensity , but without precision .
In fact , the more intensely , the more intensely , we are , we become residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy are taking us making violent acts or illegal acts .
The jealousy will drive us to behave in the way that they 're completely remixable .
Now I 'm thinking about it at eight years old , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman of Michigan about 52 years old was captured by having created a false Facebook account since they were sending a ton , awful to itself , for a year .
For a year . It 's a whole year .
She was trying to hang on to the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , I have to confess that when I or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's face it .
How big , if unfortunate , creativity , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She is a very strange , brilliant character in the American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> , '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that deal with how the jealousy , <unk> of our minds , and once we 're on the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , it can be commonplace .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> is going from <unk> or wanting what you have to get from your self and to stop what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . <unk> to your name , it takes your rings , cow accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the Tom <unk> route .
I ca n't give you all around the world , both as I sometimes want .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in the time of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
novels show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters are always doing when they 're not sure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> of Baker Street and asked by Sherlock Holmes .
When people think in Holmes , they think of the <unk> curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always been chosen [ to Go <unk> ] <unk> , the head of rat <unk> 's face , which needs desperately desperately , needs the Holmes genius , but it bothers him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs their help , but it takes it , and <unk> with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally , in `` The <unk> <unk> '' , once he Holmes comes in , he <unk> all over his solution , and she goes back and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We are proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there 's no person on <unk> Brothers that I would n't want to shake your hand .
It 's one of the few times that he 's looking at Jordan was in history . It seems to me very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry of geometry , no excitement .
You know , in a minute Holmes , it 's the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute you are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> allows you to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be that simple ?
What if the jealousy is really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the excellence of the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So as we expect that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only the <unk> fiction jealousy .
Now , the fiction used the draglines , he invites them to the table .
And look at what it says : sweet <unk> , the terrifying <unk> Tom <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the Marcel Proust itself .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped outside the Apollo Street module and declined about the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence on the gray surface is the culmination of a collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization for peace in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA was spending about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo took work to about 400,000 people and asked 20,000 businesses , universities and government agencies .
They died , including the Apollo 1 crew 1 .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
He walked on his surface , which was on the surface of which they were in after Armstrong last year , is now the most old man .
So why were they ?
They did n't have been brought up a lot of a turn : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 copies after , a new sense of the smallness and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets that this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice University in 1962 gives us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the Moon ?
Why do it turn it into our goal ?
And you might also ask , why can you scale up the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does it play Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the Moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo , was not just a victory of the West over the Cold War .
At the time , the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of technology .
They went because it was great to be able to do it .
The landing on the Moon occurred in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In half of the century , it 's <unk> , and the smallpox was eliminated .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a sailing boat , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 <unk> flew 40,000 miles away .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone back to the Moon .
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10 , and the optimism of the optimism about the power of the technology has evaporated from seeing that technology would solve how to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population , seem to be intractable results .
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that they did n't look at the <unk> exhaust of the rocket Saturn .
I knew that this would be the last Jewish mission , but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , it has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard it for the last two days here at TED .
It seems like the technologists would be distracted , and they 'd have been enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhone , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They have expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve great problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's an additional explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have created less ambitious businesses that those of the years in which Intel are <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says the markets are the culprits , concrete , the incentives that venture capitalists are offering entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment has been changed by creating ideas of understanding ideas by increasing problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation good enough .
It was mostly <unk> in <unk> Valley .
Even when the risk capitalists were at their peak , not worrying about risk , they preferred small investment , minute investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had trouble investing in technologies like energy , which need an enormous capital and whose development is in the long term . They have not invested in the development of technologies that are intended to solve big problems because they do n't have a commercial value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve great problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we want to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But go to Mars , it would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We 're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar , wind and <unk> -- less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind and wind is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want alternative energy sources that can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , the technologists , the entrepreneurs and the economists agree on what political policies and treaties with international energy development , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of the price of coal .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 're going to see an energy policy or treaties international that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the great problems that seemed technological , it turns out not to be .
We know from time that famines are a result of failure on the food allocation .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crises that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for the storage and food supply , but there will be hunger while there were bad governments there .
Finally , the big problems sometimes we have a solution , because we do n't understand the problem .
The president Nixon declared the war in 1971 , but soon we discovered that there are a lot of cancer , some <unk> resistant treatment , and only over the last 10 years seem to be found effective and viable treatments .
Hard problems are difficult .
It 's not true that we ca n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we must , but these four elements have to be here : political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; the institutions must support the solution ; it 's really a technological problem , and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , does it with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no competition <unk> like the Cold War , there 's not a politician like John Kennedy who <unk> the hard and dangerous thing , and there 's no popular science of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , go to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And it really was n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get .
God knows that we do n't miss the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with <unk> the usual ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become cliches from our society .
I think they 're three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a huge decrease in trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second one is one goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third one is a task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task was wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a clearer idea about the subject .
So first of the claim , why do people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I turn to think that may have fallen into some activities or institutions , and that could have increased in others .
I do n't know that .
But I can turn to opinion polls , and opinion polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at opinion polls over time , there are n't many evidence of it .
That is , the people who are <unk> about 20 years ago , mainly journalists and politicians , still inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very safe about 20 years ago are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway .
But is this evidence for enough ?
What the opinion surveys are recorded are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at are generic attitudes that people exist when they 're doing certain questions .
Are you in politicians ? Trust teachers ?
Now , if someone would ask you , `` Are you going to take you in the <unk> ?
<unk> in the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ? ''
I probably would say , `` To ask , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but in others . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust in a distinct way .
We do n't assume that the level of confidence that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or <unk> , is going to be uniform in every case .
I could , for example , say I trust a certain degree teacher I know to give the lecture of reading , but in any way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my most talkative friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why do we stop side by side when we think of trust in more abstract form ?
I think that surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they 're trying to make their good judgment into the fact of trusting something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not the goal that I 'm going to do .
I would have more confidence in what 's <unk> of trust , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do not trust what 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who were sending their savings with the very rightly called Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
For more confidence , it 's not an intelligent goal in this life .
Being deposited or laughing with intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yes , that means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about is to make a judgment on how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that to be able to make a judgment , we are forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in the raw materials , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I was n't trusted to bring a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very sure that you can do certain things , but I see that I 'm going to look at their own competence .
And I 'm glad to say I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
If it 's , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness .
And trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've tried to build systems of accountability for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that made us easier for the task to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember , once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paperwork that will go through itself . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life , institutional and institutional , that the system of accountability that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , it 's actually doing the opposite .
What they do is make the work of the people who have to do difficult tasks , like the midwives , they would argue that they <unk> , as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know similar examples .
Everything , all of that , for the goal .
I believe that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if you 're worthy of trust and <unk> them to the people that we are reliable and if we 're trying to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple actions , attitudes , what you do n't make properly .
Third , the task .
And you get to the task to rebuild the confidence , you put things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us some other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give them the foundation enough to be able to trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't cheat , usually , all of the people , all the time .
But you also have to contribute <unk> evidence that you are worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's done every day , everywhere , the ordinary people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks , I can send them over them without giving explanations .
I take them and get the money back , or you change it for the color I want .
That 's great . I 'm confident in them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson in that .
If you get vulnerable to the other side , that 's a very good test that you are worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So in the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not a very difficult thing to tell .
What people trust is in the relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
Since the early computers of computers , we 've been spending work by reducing the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been reducing , increasingly , and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a touch screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
So I started imagining what it would be .
It first created this tool that steps into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels .
Designers can be able to make their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen .
So , with this tool , you break down the barriers .
But the two hands still remain outside the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using the whole hands of hands ?
In the National Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor , <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
And so I combined a <unk> bombsight with cameras to detect the fingers and the face , you can now lift the hands of the keyboard , get into the inside of the 3D space , and grab it directly with your hands .
As the windows and archives have a location in the real space , it 's just as easy to grab a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and we make the digital information come to us ?
Surely , many of us will have bought and come up with things on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
So what I have here is a virtual <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on the head or clear , when the system is understanding the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make it physical so that we can touch them and feel them ?
So what would be a future like that ?
At the MIT Media Lab , with my adviser Hiroshi Ishii and my <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is sort of like a pixel in 3D space , which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was <unk> gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors .
And by programming the object , we release it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can enable us and go back to breed and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach physically <unk> and distance and famous from Michael Jordan , you can play it as a physical reality that we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information will not only show us something but that will start acting on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to reach out of our world .
We started today talking about a barrier today , but if we discount that barrier , the only limit that remains our imagination .
Thank you .
I was shocked to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for athletes to all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they firmly believed that there was only an accurate path to happiness : a safe , safe work .
No matter whether the job would like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , on my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young to learn the stunts , so I tried everything I could go to opera school .
I even wrote to the director of school and to the host of a radio program .
But no adult would get the idea .
No adult got me serious .
My friends were supportive of me , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much greater to train .
My dream will never work .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life , a second class happiness is all I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to find another vocation .
No one around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
<unk> books .
[ `` Masterpieces <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> of history '' ] [ `` <unk> of History '' ] -- I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient thing to do . It 's <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation , `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find it with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
Let 's get a lot of perspectives .
For example , this map seemed to me , because this is what students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
<unk> reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There 's up to research fields like comparative religion and literature .
Compare and contrast , it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to research , why not do that in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be a person , `` Benjamin Franklin , '' by Walter <unk> , who were involved in a single event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual policies .
For the Buddha , they are all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The path of <unk> Tzu '' ] Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The Going Up '' Alan <unk> ] Instead of miss in translation , found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` <unk> . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . '' Kirsten .
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I 'm not going to be feeling alone or powerless .
Having a neglected dream is n't anything compared to what many other people have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes , where happiness comes from .
So even a neglected dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , which I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clearly most of the time .
So , books always will join them .
Thank you .
Thank you . Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first psychotherapy of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a woman in 26 years old called Alex .
And Alex walked into the first session with jeans and a <unk> <unk> , he threw up on the couch of my office , took my shoes off and told me he wanted to talk about their problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My roommate had a <unk> like the first client .
And I was struck by a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could drive it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it became easy to only move the head while we 'd get the solution .
<unk> are the new 20 , '' and he said , `` And so I 'd see , she was right .
You start to work next , you get home after , you have kids later , until you go through death .
It was <unk> and <unk> , and I was there .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor pushed me to press , to talk about her loving life .
I was resistant .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with guys below his category , you lie with a <unk> , but it 's not like to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Still no , but maybe they get marry next .
Also , the best time to work in Alex 's marriage is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new ones .
Yes , people feel head after what was used to , but it did n't make the <unk> of Alex to be a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex to be the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , that this kind of of recklessness was a real problem , and I had real consequences , not just for Alex and your loving life , but for the careers , families and future <unk> .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
That means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you believe that no one comes to age without passing before the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If they work with <unk> , they love a gal , they take off sleep , a gal , I want to see . It 's okay . Amazing , really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the keys in life will be 35 years old .
This means that eight of 10 decisions and experiences and moments `` Aha , '' which give you a shape of life will have happened to be 30 and so many .
People from over 40 , not trained in panic .
This audience is going to be fine , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on the amount of money that they win .
We know that more than half Americans are married , they live or they 're coming out with their future partner at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its <unk> and they were shocked to adulthood , which means that if there is something that you want to change from yourself , now is the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than in any other moment of life , and we know that the female fertility reaches to the top to the 28 , and things get complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the moment to education about their body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment to the brain .
It 's a moment where your daily life and ordinary life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
The journalists would take ridiculous names to the <unk> <unk> and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality what is actually the decade that defines age .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you get a <unk> to a second and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and its ambition , and it 's absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , interesting things like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship , I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as I start a race before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this : `` My <unk> are for <unk> and I still have nothing to show .
I had better resume day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this : `` My quotes during <unk> were like the game of the chairs .
They were all running around and <unk> , but then at some point about the 30 , the music turned down , and they all began to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only one who would stand stop , so I sometimes think I married my husband , because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's huge pressure to 30 and so many of you from starting a city , choose a city , pick a couple , and have two or three children in a much shorter time period .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there 's research that start showing you , which is much more difficult and stressful to do all of once to the '30s .
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize that you ca n't have the son that you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> looked at themselves , and me , sitting in the room , and talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story of how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said she would like to work in art or entertainment , but I still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a fee .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend who showed more diverse than ambition .
And even though they live very difficult <unk> , their previous life was even more difficult .
We 're often going to go through our sessions , but then she was getting up to say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , a day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I 'd just bought a new book book , and I had spent the whole morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then you were looking at empty space that goes after the words `` in the case , please call ... ''
Was it about the hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if he gives me cancer ? ''
At that moment , it took me a lot of work to resist and say , `` Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a little bit that would be worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit in the front of Emma was in front .
So for the next few weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that all Second or man or woman , she deserves to know .
First , I told Emma you would forget about that identity crisis and <unk> identity .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital makes identity capital .
So now it 's the moment for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that you want to try .
I 'm not <unk> the exploration of me , and I 'm taking the exploration that I should n't tell , that , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I told Emma you would explore jobs and I would tell .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you at the airport , but the <unk> who come together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know , what they know , how they think , how they think , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person with whom would come out almost always come from their closest circle .
The new things come from what they call faint links from their friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job or do n't have a job .
But the other half does n't , and the weak bonds are the way we ate this group .
Half of the previous jobs are never published , then to meet the head of your neighbor is the way to get a job , not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information is happening .
Finally , not less important , Emma believed that you do n't choose his family , but she 's friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as <unk> , Emma soon <unk> his family , when she has a couple and form his own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better to sit in your head that 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live in now or you 're going to tell you now when you 're on Facebook start walking towards the altar , it 's not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that means being as intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it , or killing time with anyone who chooses you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found the roommate of a cousin that was working in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That supply of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend to live with .
Now , five years later , it 's a special moment of events in museums .
This married man who chose consciously .
She loves his new career , she loves her new family , and I sent me a letter that said , `` Now the space of emergency approach are not big enough . ''
And Emma can sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes that go out of Los Angeles Airport , who come out to some place in the West .
Just before the launch , a light set in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , 21 or 25 and even 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk , a good TED Talk may have huge effects over the next generations or even the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the <unk> you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
That 's what I now have the privilege of telling me to as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their age , get an identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
They do n't want to define why they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very picky job at a management consultant for a job that was even more picky : the teaching .
I went to teach them math to graduate students in New York City in New York City .
And as any professor , I applied tests and testing .
I give them tasks .
When the job comes back , we 'll get grades .
What struck me the attention was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and the worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance had no I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't doing so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of things you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , you 're difficult , and proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard , and for enough time .
After several years more than teaching , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure the best .
It 's the <unk> , but what if we succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and every study my question was , who has success here and why ?
My research team and I went to the Academy , military Point .
We 're trying to predict what they 're going on on military training , and who <unk> .
We went to the National National <unk> , and we tried to predict what children are going on as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers drugs working in the neighborhoods really difficult , which teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and of those , who will be the most effective in improving outcomes of learning from their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , which of these vendors are going to keep their jobs ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all these very different contexts , there was a feature as an important predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , the physical health and not I.Q .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
Determination is embracing its future , day after day , not just a week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a race at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying purpose in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to make my questionnaires questionnaires , and then waited about over a year to see who <unk> .
It turns out that children who have more determination , they had significantly greater chance of graduate school , even when I link them into every feature that I could measure , things like family income results , the results of standardized tests , even safety they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not just West Point or at the National <unk> of <unk> where determination . It 's also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , how little of the science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How can you resolve it in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The more honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give you purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply do n't continue to go on with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , determination is not related , or it 's even related to talent measures .
So far the best idea I 've ever heard about developing purpose is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , which can change the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to say when they fail , because they do n't believe that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'll end my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , to get it wrong , to start all over again with the lessons that we 've learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our children more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan like a <unk> daughter , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I 'm going to take myself through this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that you may want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language that can do it .
I started thinking about how a new method and fast learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
It 's a Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read signs of transit , restaurant menus , understand the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers .
Now , I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you can even be square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person in both sides , as if he were screaming berserk <unk> , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is originally called the form of the flame , but I like to believe that it 's in the other way .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they create many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old saying , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was like this big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a chart under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an <unk> . Easy to remember , because a tree is a rather idiot .
Do you remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it becomes very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon bright together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes over the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a chart inside the door , it 's the deadbolt off the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , played someone at home ?
This person is coming out hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've gone for almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight transformations will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little bit of effort , you 'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same as you learn a Chinese story .
So after meeting the characters , we started creating phrases .
For example , the mountain and the fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the soil of rising sun .
This is a sun placed in the origin , because Japan is in this China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
A person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked up one over the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because Chinese Chinese enemies will tell their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become a way out .
A mouth that tells you where to go out is an exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be my dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids , and when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to wear a brilliant dress and put a magic wand , and he would take a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raising our children in a kind of an industrial complex of childhood shows .
However , the magician of Oz was an event in itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took a long 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy and a <unk> kid <unk> a girl as an enemy of the enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple trees .
But I think that if the magician 's magician will do this today , the magician would say , `` Dorothy , you are the salvation of Oz like the prophecy .
You use magical shoes to defeat the armies as a computer of evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about the magician 's magician is that the most heroic characters , wise people , and even ample women are women .
I started to notice this when I did see Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that moment , I also had a son .
three years old .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of oversight had come down . And so slid in the room , and I was impressed as a leg of a leg with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , `` <unk> everything .
I wonder what a perceived .
Would you be issues of value , perseverance and allegiance ?
Would you feel a feeling that Luke get one military to overthrowing the government ?
Let 's contrast this with the magician of 1939 .
How did Dorothy do his movie .
They 're doing good <unk> with everyone and a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Oz , right ? And not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why are there so much an F capital force in the movies for our children , and so little on the way of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in the girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know for experience that <unk> princess does n't give me the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of the adults who are mixed . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I was hoping that the bill would appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is finished , I have girlfriend .
Why do you stand there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like being a kid , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior .
There are many exceptions , and to defend Disney 's princess to any of you .
But they send a message to children , even though they are , the kids , are not really their goal .
They do a phenomenal job when I teach girls how girls defend against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There is no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies of war .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time continues on appearing on classical , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who breed a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , finally came up with a <unk> .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in stores .
Do you remember what criticism said when he came up with the <unk> ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar is made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't stop that stopping !
Well , almost none of these movies is the test of <unk> .
I do n't know if you heard about this .
There 's still no roots , and it already spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement today .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There are only three questions that you need to do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character who has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else from the kid that they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women that exist and talk about things between each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I 'm rarely seen it in the movie that we know and love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good , <unk> film .
Right ? <unk> from Oscar , <unk> <unk> , a consensus idea of what a Hollywood Hollywood film is .
Now , it 's not the test of <unk> .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women are buried during a hostage crisis .
We have a lot of little stunts that have deep and painful conversations in this hiding time , and it 's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , you come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So we 're going to go through the numbers .
In 2011 , the 100 more popular movies , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we have recently chosen for Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a larger number that this is going to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it has been sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think it 's mass entertainment .
I do n't think the films for children have something to do with that .
I do n't think that music videos or pornography are tightly linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are they learning ?
What do n't you get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says that the role of a male hero is defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't talk ?
Now , we 're taking that story apart ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to get it .
We have tools in our disposal like <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help , but I have to ask , `` <unk> <unk> is going to <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep the male power ? ''
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean mainly to parents .
I think we need to show our kids a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the people who care about home and <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character character character was , you know , from Star Wars know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just a brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to reach their potential .
They 're leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want fewer stories in which I tell my son : `` Go '' and fight alone and more stories where their work looked like is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , she lived in Maine , and one of the things I loved the most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that that would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They are covered in sand and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to pick them up .
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me get back .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love for the past and the archeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw with my own eyes was not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to almost 1,300 miles long along the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try and make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
So I want to show you an example of how different the infrared can see .
This is a place located in the Eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using a fake color , suddenly the place looks like a bright rose .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we used the satellite data to find an old former city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of the old Egypt for over 400 years in a time period in time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place is places in El <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have been known to have known that it was located at some place near the pyramids of the two kings that built them , sit inside the red circles here , but somewhere within this huge circuit of deluge .
This area is enormous , it 's about six dollars per mile .
First of the Nile , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as he changed over time , they moved to this one and covered the whole city .
So how do you find a city below a large landscape ?
I will try to find that random that would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we used NASA surveys to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
So we were able to see where they did the Nile .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , that we think it might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing the sampling work ; you can see it here .
When I 'm talking about it , it 's like the sample of it in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we 're looking for layers of human occupation .
Five feet below , under a thick mud layer , we found a dense layer of <unk> objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation several hundred years from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs -- <unk> , quartz and cat -- which proves that there was a jewelry workshop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones used by the Middle Empire 's jewelry , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry workshop that proves that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find any <unk> here , but we would go to the place in a near future to localize .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably was written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So , as it looks like , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas actually happen in 1984 BC in a lost city in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high .
It certainly puts marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , in front of the door to <unk> home .
I 'd like to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that it 's made .
So now we put a group of <unk> obese .
They 're competing in a bike bike race , and they 're going to address their entry door .
I need you to look at this .
They 're <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're sweating a lot .
They collide against the door of their house .
There are bicycles flying around , wheels that go on top of the wheels that end up in <unk> places , <unk> the threshold of the door .
In the lobby , or whatever there is the other side of the door , and look at the quality of the light , the light shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving with your hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel his blue fur by turning tickle your nose .
You can smell the cookie 's cookie and you 're just about to get into your mouth .
<unk> on the side and enter your living room .
So in the room , and I use peak of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
It 's with little clothes , dancing on your center table , singing , `` <unk> me One More More More than More Time . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The floor has been coated with a yellow brick path and from the oven coming to you Dorothy , the <unk> Man , the <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> out of my hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that 's done every spring in New York City .
It 's called the `` <unk> <unk> of America . ''
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting for , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise man 's <unk> .
There were several men and a few ladies from different ages and different sanitation habits .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
Let 's take the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
We 'd have full poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who he could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I was thinking , `` This is amazing . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed said , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
All those who participate in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to make these miraculous memory acts , using some ancient techniques , made two years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I have heard of this before ? ''
We were standing out of the room of the competition , and Ed , who is a wonderful , brilliant English , although a little bit of a little bit , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
You know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a deck of cards live in national television .
That will prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me to me .
I mean , you have to start by something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended up most of the next year , not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very probably with the worst memory in the world .
Their memory was so bad I did n't even remember that he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows you to see how to spot our memory we are .
On the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the role of San Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We went together in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was sparkling .
And when I went back , a number of treaties on the writing memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin and <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained and disciplined and cultured memory was not a thing as rare as you might look like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have done our modern world , but we also have changed us .
We have been culturally changed , and I would say that they 've changed us as well .
As we have almost no need to remember , sometimes it seems to have been forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you 're still passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory , is this very peculiar competition .
It 's actually not so unique ; there 's skills like this around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a research group from University College from London invited a memory champion , the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to have brains in some ways , structural or <unk> from the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually , no .
There was yet a really interesting , meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that you compared them .
When they put them in an MRI MRI machine , and they 're looking at their brains while they were looking at numbers and faces and snowflakes and snowflakes . They found that in memory champions , <unk> parts of the brain , different to others .
In effect they were using , or they seemed to be used , a part of the brain that involves spatial and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament in competitive memorizing is driving as an armed career where every year someone appears with a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of competitors must get to the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times champion memory .
On your desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and he 's only mastered it .
He used a similar technique to memorize the accurate <unk> order .
<unk> . Yes .
And while there 's a huge amount of ways of remembering things in these skills , absolutely all techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call `` <unk> coding . ''
It is illustrates with a elegant paradox as the paradox `` <unk> '' says the following : I say to two people who remember the same word . I say to you , `` Remember , a man named Baker . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> .
And when I go back later , and I said , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Do you remember what was it ? ''
The person who told him that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity capacity ; that 's rare .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , it does n't really mean anything for you .
With all the other memories that dance through his head .
But the word , `` <unk> , '' -- we 've known it .
They use <unk> white hats .
They have <unk> flour .
They 're going back home to work .
You probably know a baker .
And when you put that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> to <unk> him at some point back .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data , 2,500 years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` palace '' .
The story says this : `` There was a poet called <unk> I attended a dashboard .
They had hired it as entertainment , because before , if he wanted to give a very good party party , they were n't brought to a DJ , she would hire a poet .
He stood up , put his poem out of memory , and left , and so soon he was , the boardroom 's room collapsed .
It 's killing everyone .
But not only killed them all , but shattered the bodies , and they 'd keep them out .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
This is how the bodies could be <unk> .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , just outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind , I could see where he had been sitting on .
I took the <unk> family family where they were their loved ones between the rubble .
What <unk> warned you at that time is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and it 's that no matter what we 're not good at to remember names or phone numbers or instructions word for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and space of our own .
If you were telling you that the first 10 words of the story I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to make it very hard to do it .
But I would bet that if you were telling you to say who I was sitting on the horse , brown wall in his lobby , would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the palace of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and <unk> images with things that you want to remember , the more crazy , a funny , funny , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> image .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first memory treaties in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to make it memory , in the same way that I would make it Cicero if you 'd been invited to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , crazy image , to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine moving into your house , and you can see the <unk> of the <unk> on James Ed .
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then they 'd see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count .
And then they entered the kitchen , and the fourth issue that they would talk would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year , and they have some friends to help him remember it .
This is how the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word word , which is going to confuse them but typical per typical .
In fact , the `` typical '' term comes from Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought about speaking and the rhetoric with this sort of space terms .
The phrase , `` First of all , '' it would be like the first place in your memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I packed up with that .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing a huge thing about this competitive <unk> subculture subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is such a boring event .
Seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on making tests . I mean , that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone else 's going to stand up the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I have no access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit down watching the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an ancient school yearbook bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just to train the memory .
What it 's actually about making is better more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked quite a lot .
This is me , using my standard team of training for the memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some of the security goggles , leaving only two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could come into , in a kind of <unk> experiment .
I thought this could serve well for all of my research .
The problem was that the experiment has gone out of control .
And I won the competition , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course , it 's nice to be able to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they 're based on the very basic principles of how the brain works .
And you do n't need to put off the memory or to memorize <unk> of cards , and to benefit from a little bit of insight on how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great ones educate .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
So let 's get it when we focus deeply .
The palace -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
<unk> a kind of deep processing , a kind of a complete attention , which most of you do n't have any <unk> out there .
But the reality is that there is no shortcuts .
That 's how things are done .
And if there 's something that I want to leave you with today , is what you 're looking at , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what 's already our own existence is in the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to being human in front of us , who is walking on our side . We 're going to be so excited that we do n't even know about processing in depth ?
I learned firsthand that there are creative memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person you remember to remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to tell you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we 're going to make a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from myself , I was six years old , and I was in my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom to share with my sister .
And , between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that would give the living room .
And there 's all over the time watching TV . So , every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everyone saw me , and every time I sat down and come up in a towel , everyone saw me .
And I was this .
I was awkward , insecure and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , I hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's the architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , not from division of areas , but of those visceral connections , emotional connections , that we feel in the places that deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , 90 percent of its time under the roof .
That is 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what you think about : you think of `` power , '' `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it by based on a building built two and a half thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we used it to build houses .
Look , these little stable , solid <unk> , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because it 's going to build things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build it , the <unk> and governments , are always afraid to innovation , and they prefer to use shapes that know they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the Public Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , that <unk> what <unk> tries to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , ended up another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both called libraries , are being so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation -- architects constantly drives new technologies , new typologies , new solutions for life forms today .
And we 'd sort of pull it out , we 'll sort of pull it up and we just sort of pull it away from the people .
All of the black , it gets depressed . You think we 're very good , but we 're dead inside because we do n't have another option .
We need to go to the other side and go back with those appreciated symbols .
So we do that , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we can swing the pendulum forward , over and over again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with called `` <unk> . ''
It has to do with the concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on scale scale .
Something really really hard .
So you get to the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
And I 'm looking at the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that we like and <unk> them .
We had neon and we added some pies and we use some new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took closets <unk> and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be soup medieval events .
So , the shapes were <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Such grew up to the size of buildings .
insane .
But it was the '80s , that was great .
We all spent time in commercial malls , we moved to the neighborhoods , and in suburbia , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
And maybe maybe with an endless skin sticks .
This is what happens with the <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we visualize memories from other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we started to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s and in the early '90s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
We 're looking at the historic symbols , we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we find ourselves with new compositions , a few ways that are attached to other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's super <unk> ; you keep completely <unk> .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then , something surprising happened .
In 1997 , it opened this building .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , from Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and public and public in general , they agreed on a building .
The New York Times <unk> is this miracle building .
The Bilbao in Bilbao grew up in a 2,500 percent when the building ended up .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and radical , how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media will spread around them , and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same mayors did the top mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon in the beginning of the new millennium country with other architects , star architects .
I went to 3.4 and Libeskind , and what happened with these very few elite architects at the threshold of the new millennium , actually started to go through all architecture , and digital media started increasing the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how we use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building .
transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers of architecture , and the building is carried beyond their physical location .
Architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It does n't be long accurate for thinking about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before knowing whether that he designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we find buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year-old movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much <unk> them .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the world 's biggest revolution from the invention of concrete , steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the media is applied to media , it starts to swing faster and faster , until you get to be in both extreme extremes , and you can actually get a difference between innovation and symbol , between us architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can do <unk> symbols , with emotional load , something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called the <unk> Island in New York State .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building had been completed , it was part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly the product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started to reach and share it in social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a media , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that one made of the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes you deal with the collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think of architecture .
We can tell us each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think for a second in these <unk> librarians .
If that building is built today , first we 're going to be the Internet looking for `` new libraries . ''
We 'd be bombarded by examples of experiment , about innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can take the mayor of <unk> , <unk> people , and tell them that there 's no answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience .
It 's all different now .
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use words and complicated pictures , and you 're not a hapless audience that does n't accept anything that I have n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you do n't let the architecture begin to be able to be able to be able to begin .
That means that the pendulum <unk> in one way , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go forward and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that buildings tomorrow will be very different from buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad imitation of red brick on ideas that should be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we finally will be ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that buildings are going to be attributed to the whims of nature , not the contrary .
This means that a parking garage garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve for making sport or for yoga , or even you can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River River , and raising half a million dollars from the community together around that cause , it 's no customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , as <unk> and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and working together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings are not just reflecting our society , but they give them shape until smaller spaces : local libraries , the homes where our children are , and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year , and it started walking .
And it does this in that great , typical way of children in a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
It 's laughing and <unk> , and it gives itself these big , wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
And apparently , all of your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do this , and he made me think , when do we stop doing this ?
How do we suddenly have to be happy with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , they just want to be loved and fit in .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's got a bit of fear , it 's a little confused because , even though his mom tells him all the time she 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells him it 's ugly .
Among what your mom says , and what his friends , or school colleagues say , do n't know who to believe .
So it makes a video of herself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he calls others to please , `` Am I beautiful , or am I ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has gotten over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are such as unpleasant , which does n't even deserve it worth thinking about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal teenager , who get these answers to one of the most vulnerable , more emotionally vulnerable .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , in their majority teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what is he doing to do this ?
Well , adolescents today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure to be online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving you , `` I like , '' saying , by sharing , this is never done .
We 've never been so connected before we have been so connected , so it 's very instantaneous , so young people .
As a mother told me , `` It 's like a party in his room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are ruthless .
This environment , of being connected , is <unk> our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' and the kinds of comments they get .
There is no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is not .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what it is being manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent in someone 's life in front of what 's normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from the girls ' news .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The technique of <unk> is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> .
For those of that <unk> , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people are comparing .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the <unk> stars of sport , and <unk> singers .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , surely we want our children to grow healthy and be <unk> individuals .
But in a <unk> culture , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical abilities , their studies and other ways start to suffer .
Six of 10 girls would prefer to do something because they think they do n't look nice enough .
These are not trivial activities .
These are fundamental activities for its growth as human beings , and as a taxpayer society and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments , and they 're going to participate in arguments in classrooms because they do n't want to call attention for their physical appearance .
One of five are n't attending the class at all over the days when you do n't comfortable about it .
And in the exams , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a little note on the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has been pervasive in Finland , the United States and China .
And it goes regardless of what these young people are weigh .
So , to be clear , we 're talking about how you see you , not how you are really .
The low self-esteem on your body is <unk> performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers who are at least self-esteem , they eat less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they participate in more diets not healthy you can take them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They are more easily <unk> by the people around them and are at greatest risk of depression .
And we thought it 's all about what they make more risky decisions , like consumer consumption and drug consumption , dramatic diets , aesthetic surgery , sexual activity at early ages and no protection and damage damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they are overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they do n't have higher rates of lower rates .
Now , 17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview on a day where they do n't feel safe as they look .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would be that opportunity ?
It 's an interest in this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , talking , by itself , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we have to instill in trust in their own body .
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are a lot of programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So we have to make sure that the program that our children follow our children will not only have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six ways are crucial points for anyone who will provide an education in body self-esteem that works .
An education is fundamental , but address this problem requires each of us to take the driver 's seat and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
<unk> the status of the way women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell you with the contribution of our politicians in slices of hair or the size of their breasts , or we would argue that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people by what they are , not as you see .
We can all start doing it taking responsibility for the kind of images and the comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions , and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you 'd put a mirror ?
In short , we need to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow to be valuing their entire person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who really are making a difference on a pedestal .
To make a difference in the real world , let 's make them that they come out on the big screen because we 're just going to create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're never seen as well as those who are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think of what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who have in mind ?
Your wife ?
Her sister ?
Your daughter ?
Is your niece ? Your friend ?
Could it be simply the woman who is two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was released from that voice , she was terrified of that <unk> voice on her inside , which haunts you do n't have long legs , thighs more thin , a higher belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her , if we did this , and we would unlock their potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession with our culture is holding us back to us all .
But let our children do the truth .
And so what you 're looking at is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love those who are and what they do , and as they make us feel .
They 're taking self-esteem in the rsums of our schools .
Let 's switch each one of us , the way we talk about and compare to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of age today , they will become agents of secure themselves tomorrow .
So let 's do it .
On November 5 , 1990 , a guy named <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed by a <unk> Meir , the <unk> Naval Defense leader .
At <unk> initially , he was innocent , but being prisoner by other charges , in company from others , they started planning from about 12 of New York icons , including tunnels , synagogues and the headquarters for the United Nations .
Fortunately , those plans is being influenced by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb bomb , in the World Trade Center , could not be avoided .
Later on , he would be convicted of their participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a loving American mother , high school teacher , between the two they did every possible childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , that very few , even most Muslims , get to know .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't need a lot to get to want the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all of the human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who were getting so excited to their convictions who think that we have to use all possible media for everyone to live as well .
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last weekend , he and some friends , they had been going to roll back on Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We arrived at the <unk> shot of <unk> that , without knowing our group , he was monitoring the FBI .
When I got to pull my father , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that shot him , I gave the little orange light on the goal , and to surprise everyone , especially my own , the whole goal burst .
My uncle went back to others , and in Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
From a parent , such a son .
All of us , the comment gave them a lot of laughter , but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be condemned by putting a <unk> , they 're <unk> [ 700 ] explosives in the World Trade tower in the World Trade tower , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I was 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood did n't allow me to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about someone already was time to pack and leave to another city .
Because it was always me the new face of the class that was often a victim of <unk> .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the class , silent and a tour , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , I spent a lot of time reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to speak very gently , by growing in <unk> , was not prepared for the real world .
I was raised to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like race or religion .
So how could I open the eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my way of thinking , was during the presidential elections in 2000 .
In a <unk> program that I participated in the National National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group would be taken on the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost my whole life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys we had ever made friendship , was Jewish .
It took several days to go out to light this detail , and I realized that there was n't any animosity between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I felt very proud of having to beat the barrier that my whole life had made me believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All life had been taught to be a sin and , by extension , all the gay people were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most gentle and less critics that I 'd seen in life .
Having been a child bullied , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat kind , exactly the way I wish to be treated .
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that they had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that is to be homosexual , but I know what 's being judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart was making me intellectually about my <unk> , and I was helping you see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my paternal figure at a moment where I was desperately busy .
Sometimes , inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while it 's alive .
She looked at me with my eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hate inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why did I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope somebody , one day , to who are trying to lead to the violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better path , that even though I was reminded me of this ideology violent ideology , I did n't get a fan of it .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , to speak , against those meaningless acts , like rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity I 'm proof of that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the trails of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
At this moment , there 's a film that 's projected in your mind .
It 's an amazing <unk> film .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> of what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
You feel your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a moments of your childhood , you 're approaching your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths about the existence of being human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that you know more directly .
At least , I know that I have a own consciousness .
I do n't have certainty that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are we not only robots that are going to be able to make results without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
Now psychology studied the behavior , the behavioral neuroscience , the neuroscience of the objectively brain , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all began to change .
<unk> as Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` It 's now the moment for science to <unk> the awareness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flowering of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was looking for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this kind of thing in the fantastic job that Nancy <unk> was a few minutes ago .
We now understand a lot better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work from neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness , and questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , do n't you address the real mystery of this matter : why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal movie ?
At this moment , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give you a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emerging phenomenon like traffic jams , such as hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find any explanation .
The typical <unk> are all kinds of emergent behaviors , how they operate on them , how hurricanes work , how hurricanes work , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms , all of them are questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we 're talking about , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , questions about behavior are among easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have a lot to say .
I am a materialistic public scientist .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness on pure physical terms that would work .
But at the end , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get into this point .
We have a wonderful chain of wonderful explanations . We get used to this -- physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
We do n't know how to fly that idea to our scientific vision of the world .
I think consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , which we need to integrate our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first look crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Its crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness .
The whole idea of the internal subjective view includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain objective functions , brain behaviors , and so you study everything that needs to be explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is fairly close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
<unk> laws that govern , like laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of nothing more basic .
Instead , they 're very fundamental to be fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the list is <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell was discovered that you ca n't explain the electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton 's laws , and he applied electrical laws as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation where we found ourselves with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then for logic , you have to <unk> the list .
Most of the most natural would be caused by consciousness as something fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not the object of science .
It opens up the path to direct scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can stamping on a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can stamping on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : Pan , `` <unk> '' by mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes by Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are intelligent or think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with anguish when he thinks , `` Oh , I always travel at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , so .
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw , subjective feeling , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How would someone think about something that crazy ?
So part of this comes from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , is natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems a continuum to nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that we 're going to do with the physical process , is <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there is information processing , there is awareness .
It 's called complex <unk> , like a human being , complex awareness .
Let 's have simple information , simple awareness .
Something really exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed them rigorously .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to be <unk> with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a middle degree of information integration , as significant as significant awareness of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> gets down .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In the <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness from zero .
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness , high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
In addition , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate the awareness to the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying it .
And as Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where is the fire of the equations ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be left , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists are basically doing , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is that it puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not out of the physical world as an additive kind .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to promote our relationship with nature , and it can have social and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I did n't eat anything to have a conscience , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 're hungry .
I think about thinking about it , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral moral moral illness , is not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the $ Samantha system in the movie `` <unk> . ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , integrated data processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are really serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of smart computers and the <unk> ethic .
And finally , you can ask for the consciousness of whole group , the planet .
Canada has their own consciousness ?
Or a more local level , an integrated group , as the audience at a TED Talk -- right now , we have a TED consciousness , an internal film for this whole group of TED , different from the internal movies in each other ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question that you should take seriously .
So this <unk> view , it 's a radical view , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , than the second one is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 're going to finally figure it out .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we only need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
I had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I got myself excited with my friends , and I got my sisters left .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to take a community prize for the community .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She actually has n't done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I was good grades . After school , I had a low profile at my mother 's <unk> , and I spent a lot of time looking at a series of `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we take disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching at a high school in high school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes at the 11 <unk> class of studies , and he said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What do you talk ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking to you about the bill for good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in chairs , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom . ''
And it was when I realized , this kid had had with people with disabilities as objects of inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the boy , it 's true for many of us .
For us , disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We are not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And in fact , I 'm on this <unk> stage to what I do in this wheelchair , and probably you are waiting for them to inspire them . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid we were successful .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you have lied to you in relation to disability .
Yes , they have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , A capital A , chocolate capital .
It 's something bad and living with a disability that makes you remarkable .
It 's not something bad , and it does n't make you exceptional .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more of this lie through social media .
You might have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse <unk> . '' In effect .
Or this one : `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a huge amount of them .
You may have seen one , from the girl without my hands drawing with a pencil by the mouth .
You may have seen a child running with artificial fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use this porn term , deliberately , because we went to a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , <unk> the disabled people in the benefit of people without disability .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate them , to be able to see them and think , `` Well , because of a lot of bad life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the number of times that strangers have been dealing with to say that they believe that I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this is going to happen before my work had a public profile .
It was kind of like me to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images , those images , with disabilities in the benefit of people without disability .
They 're there so you can see them and think that things are n't that bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult .
Let 's get some things out .
But the things we 're missing is not the things that you can think of .
They are not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I was telling the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with him .
It makes things that I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best of their ability , like you do , and that 's what happens with the kids of those pictures too .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're simply using their bodies , taking the best of their ability .
So , is it really fair to make in the way we do it , by sharing those images ?
When people tell us , `` You 're an inspiration , '' it tells you how a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of lying , because they 've sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't do it .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here to be inspired by the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
And I learn from other people with disabilities at all time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than they were .
Now , I learned that this is a great idea to use a little barbecue clip to collect the things that you fall down , and I 'll learn the ingenious trick of how to load your mobile phone battery in the chair .
Great .
We learn about the strength and the resilience of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that we 're going to do with and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that they 've sold us about disability is the biggest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's a lie is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in front of the stairs has n't never become a ramp .
Never . <unk> to a television screen wo n't come up with subtitles for deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and radiating a positive attitude to turning all those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> The <unk> <unk> '' does n't be considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're getting to stand up from bed and remembering our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a boy at 11 grade in Melbourne is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user .
Language does n't make us remarkable , but question what you believe to know about it is that it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a homeless swallow ?
Unfortunately , today , I just answer one of those questions , so , please do n't get stuck .
When people think about augmented reality , they think of `` Minority Report , '' and at Tom Cruise <unk> hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how did we get an augmented reality ?
The first step , is what I 'm wearing , Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you might not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what is a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to fix it .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet , and knowing what 's going to run by the game of a game at 160 miles an hour , the blood hitting the ears .
We can know that it feels like a $ 110 guy , <unk> <unk> , trying to figure out everything .
I 've been there and I assure you , it 's not nice .
So , you know , I 'm going to show you some videos to show you what 's using Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images of the NFL practices , because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . Let 's get a little bit .
Are they ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of <unk> .
You may have realized that you lack people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , <unk> from the University of Washington .
<unk> of field : mice 54 ! <unk> !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more than the feeling of being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , be their favorite players , and I have asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> .
Is it a corridor or a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get around , how do we get it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift Rift , which is probably a lot of you already know .
The Cat Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap <unk> .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a roller coaster to do for his life .
What 's the experience of a fan , when you call a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , put out of a <unk> with your arm before to run and do an notation ? What 's the experience of a fan .
When I could be <unk> running by the court , launching the ball down to the bottom of the network , or do you want to do a Wimbledon stick ?
What is your experience when you go from a mountain to over 100 miles an hour like an Olympic skier ?
Maybe you get the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is not augmented .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality , <unk> ?
Do augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners saw the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win parties ? ''
Because they always use the technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a short refresher on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore Baltimore had put a <unk> to their <unk> field to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other equipment decided to animate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL , I put radios on the vents 's headset , and then on the defenses .
They were more viewers , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player back to your group and you see the next thing that you 're shown in front of you , on a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing . You 're not going to have to worry about to forget a move .
Or they memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate to attack .
If you lose parties with you as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a strategies manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game of play .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera at every corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people that are down .
You also get information from the headset and <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know to send it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to look at good equipment 's good teams .
So , your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis to stop being by nerds .
It will also be for athletes . Who would have imagined it ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they are the field of field .
We 'll get down the ball and <unk> .
They went to an open receptor . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left part of your bombsight would tell you that a defense behind you are going to <unk> . Usually , you do n't see it , but the <unk> system will <unk> you .
Let 's go to the area of protection .
Another flashlight , you know , there 's an open receptor .
They 'll get down the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receiver sees its bombsight , an area of grass that lights up , can change the race .
It 's coming up , it takes the ball , runs and forth .
The audience goes crazy and fans have followed it from every angle .
This is something that creates massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to make lots of people looking at it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be their favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of sport because it 's too cost-effective to not be .
But what I ask you is : we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus , as our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for sneakers .
It generates billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology worth of a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful their actions are from the victim of the victim ?
How much is this technology worth for a gay man in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world , how do you live being pursued ?
How much is it going to be so much for a theoretical <unk> or a Neil <unk> , trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality about .
The questions that we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , like , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired to take me after 23 years of service in the California <unk> California .
Most of those 23 years , I had the country to take the southern tip of the <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , known to its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , a head engineer who 's building the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much proof of suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical and practical . ''
But from their openness , over 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge .
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will bring you to another dimension , this bridge has idealized like such , so that each one of it releases from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free fall of four to five seconds , the body strikes the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks out of bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most people die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , usually they 're going to get into the water helpless and then they drown .
I do n't think that you 're going to get this method of suicide realizing the death of the death that you 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except around two towers , there are 32 inches of steel in the bridge .
This is where most people are in order to before they get their life .
I can tell you the experience that once the person is on that edge , and at the darker moment , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young woman talked to an officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have a formal training .
It 's <unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those of us who grew suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , vets officials , veterans are trained to train new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met it on the July 22 last year by receiving a call from a suicide speaker , sitting in the middle near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old and he had flown here from New Jersey .
In fact , he had flown up here two times before from New Jersey to try to kill him from this bridge .
After about an hour from talking to Jason , we asked ourselves if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
She was out of pests , sorrows and all kinds of evil against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
It stopped at some point , leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind kind kind kind of smart and smart guy in New Jersey had just taken away from life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , he did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
The collateral damage of suicide is affecting a lot of people .
So I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or anyone who was suicidal ?
What would you say ?
What would you say ?
In my experience , not just to talk , but you have to listen .
That 's listening to you .
They did n't mean , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels like , because they probably wo n't .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point that you need .
If you think somebody is suicide , you do n't have a fear of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Other people in such circumstances have thought about ending your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front of it can save the life and be the tipping point for them .
Other signs to search for : despair , to believe that things are terrible and they 're never going to improve ; <unk> , believe that there 's nothing to be able to do about it , and social isolation , and a lost interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January of this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's his permission , and she 's a blessing to read it .
`` Hello , Kevin . I imagine you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends , tell their friends , and so on .
I 'm still pretty numb , but noticing more times to realize that Mike wo n't come home .
Mike was driving to San Francisco to see the 49 o'clock party with his father on the 19th of January .
It never got there .
I called the police police and reported it as a missing night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported to me that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before wrong without having a real mental illness ?
It 's not that easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
<unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge , and walk on the path that his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call by a possible speaker , on the bridge of the bridge near the north tower .
I <unk> my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When I saw me , you immediately cross the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
Over the time and a half , I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided for his own day to come back on that lane and give him another chance .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was he going to go back and gave him back to hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I 've heard .
They stopped me and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to get to you .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , nothing erase the events of March 11 , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us .
I really , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly <unk> .
And I brought Kevin to when I was only six months , completely unconscious of all those traits , but , thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> on your debt , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General San Francisco Hospital that night , you 're going to take care of as the patient .
`` Wow , I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and a society active in society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspiring others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found in the work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite the end of its own pain , robbery the opportunity to meet me .
This is what suicide does .
For most of the suicide people , or those who consider suicide , would n't think they hurt another person .
They just want their own pain .
Typically , this is done just in three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or alcohol .
In my career , I 've been answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved , I 've just lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who told him about an hour .
So for that time , I 'd run my hand on three times .
At the end hand , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge do n't kill themselves .
In addition , those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived , and you can talk about it , that one , one , two percent , most of those people have said that the second one who leaves the railing realized that they made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't only connect to <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or the bridge that we do , is something that everyone and every one of us should be working for .
suicide can be prevent .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but you know what you are , and a question you 're doing : How do you become on that ?
I must be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever had since .
My outside finally <unk> with my truth , with my inner self .
It 's hard for reasons , which I 'm going to go over , when I look at this picture , I think , you got it <unk> , you got it , you arrived .
But last October , I discovered that I 'm just beginning .
We all spread our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the color of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called a revelation .
This is mine .
I was recorded as `` child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my home , I was always wearing this t-shirt on my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why are you always wearing that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to make it .
The gender has always been considered an ongoing effect , but now we know that , really , it 's a bit more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I would never tell me to share my story , not because I thought that being bad , but because of how the world deals with those of us who want to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have mom , Dad and a family who accept me as I am .
Many are n't so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's an Indian goddess goddess of the <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me , and I remember that moment as if something happened to me : This is the kind of woman I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I was still wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
He 's the director of a transgender beauty competition .
That night , she asked me , `` Why have n't you been involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she was responsible for the expense of Brooks and the costumes , and that night , I won in <unk> , I won in a <unk> suit , and he was third in the middle of 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was in the world of <unk> beauty .
Not many people can say that their first work was from queen of transgender women , but I can .
I also met my <unk> goddess especially when we traveled to remote provinces .
But more importantly , I met my best friends of that community .
In 2001 , my mom who had moved to San Francisco , he called me , and he told me that they passed my request from the green card that could go to the United States .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me , and he said , `` You know if you get the United States , you can change the name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me that I put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I ran me in Thailand in Thailand .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to perform the most <unk> , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the U.S. , it was necessary to make surgery before the name and gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember to look at the driver 's license with the name of <unk> and an F of gender gender .
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me , it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears were <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and be a model .
Many are n't so fortunate .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman from New York , whose truth was , but , <unk> , he made his life end .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All of the November 20 , we do a global vigil for the <unk> <unk> .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who were <unk> and stood in the face of injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson , and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't continue to live my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , nor fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , for some day no longer over November 20 .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
You will .
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . KT Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure , you know , first , thank you , thank you , for all of my blessings .
To my parents , my parents , especially , to my family , who itself is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to my young women trans , that I 've been looking at , and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could n't accept it . I would take the phone , he called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , other times . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's at the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we 're all assigned a gender being assigned to birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table , the topic that sometimes that assignment is not a block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to do , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
It should have understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope you 're all my allies .
KS : Thank you . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal patriarchal and tribal societies , parents usually know them for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who are known for her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 , and when he ran his efforts in 2011 , by <unk> the National School of peace , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at human history , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when at birth , their birth is not celebrates .
It is n't welcome for his father , not by his mother .
The neighborhood comes , it gives your <unk> to the mother , and nobody <unk> the father .
And a mother are overwhelmed by having a little girl .
When you give birth to the first girl , the first child , he gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , they were <unk> , and , with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only mother suffers , but the daughter , the newborn daughter , when he grows , he suffers too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , you stay home and the school admits his siblings .
Up to the age of 12 , somehow , has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with your friends on the street , and he can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when you go into adolescence , when he 's 13 years old , you would be told to go out of his house without a male driver .
It 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and her family and his family , and if we were to put the code of that of course honor , I could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this example of honor , it does n't just affect the life of a girl , it also affects the life of male male members of family .
So this brother , I took the joys of their life and the happiness of their sisters in the name of of course honor .
And there 's a rule of more than the patriarchal societies called compliance .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and embracing your father 's decisions and mother and decisions of the elderly , even if they do n't .
If you marry a man who does n't like or marry a man with an old man , he has to accept it , because he does n't want to be <unk> .
If you marry very young marry , you have to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In words of a poet , `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , they were looking at the same lesson from compliance to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children .
And this vicious circle continues , and it goes on .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when they were born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like the newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked in his eyes , believe me , I felt extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about his name , and I was fascinated with a feisty of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> from <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , all of them were men , and I grabbed my pen , and I took a line out of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half years old .
You might ask , why should I mention a girl at a school at a school ?
Yeah , I must have mentioned that .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in the tribal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for life 's life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when they were going to go through the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the families from some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was why it value my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters and her daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
You know , he sat down with me when my friends came to see me .
The encouraged to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to figure out on their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to <unk> it .
I 've spent all of these good values in my school girls and girls alike .
I used the education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson from closing .
I taught students to forget the lesson from the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , fighting for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal to human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of participation of women in all of political and economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools lost .
The girls are banned to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and stopped to go to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the <unk> girls and <unk> singers .
So , <unk> million , but a few talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and get killed when you talk about their rights .
It 's really scary .
By the age of 10 , she stood up and got up for the right to education .
He wrote a daily journal on the BBC blog , she offered herself to the New York Times documentaries , and he talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> as a <unk> worldwide .
And that was why the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and October 9 , 2012 , was shot to <unk> in the head .
It was a day for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered to her my wife , `` Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he said to me , `` Please , do n't tell you .
Let 's get a fair cause .
He 's going to take your life in play for the truth of the truth , because of the peace cause , and by the cause of education , and your daughter inspired by you and he joined you .
They were both on the right path and God will protect it . ''
These little words that were very much for me , and I did n't go back to ask again .
When I was <unk> in the hospital , and I had severe pains and severe headaches because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that took off my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm fine with my smile , and with the <unk> in my face .
I 'll be okay . Please do n't worry . ''
It was an solace for us , and we 're getting rid of it .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the most difficult moments , and I 'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any girl in 16 .
He cries when he 's not his job .
They fight with his brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
Now , people ask me , `` What especially in my mentoring , who has made so bold and so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm not wondering what I did .
Let 's do what I did n't do .
I did n't cut off his wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> in the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm an engineering engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group , and that 's where I 've had a <unk> in my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did before I joined Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get to a brain operation .
Are you still just the same smart or no ?
Is n't it going to be , can you be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about the combinations and mix them together , and try to get it , to keep alive .
More than once I 've saved me .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided to experience to try to get the <unk> dose , because there 's no longer a clear map that tells you in <unk> .
I started trying to try and try and look at these different sets , and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the dose changed by a <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive thing : for a few months , I tried dose and chemicals for a man 20 , and I was surprised by seeing how I changed my thoughts .
I was always angry , I was thinking all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've known several types like this , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my big surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , such insecure , to fix a problem that I had on the front , and it just does n't happen .
So I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and about what they have to go through , since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I 'm trying to do is , when we adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was regain my intelligence after the disease and the operation , my creative thinking , my <unk> .
I used to think almost always in images , and that became my key point of reference -- how to get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to , knowledge new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> as Hume , Descartes and Hobbes see things like this .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Now , there are those who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . To me is simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental for <unk> and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I have lots of great <unk> , really <unk> , well sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how you 're going to take fast , these mental images of my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use your imagination only to drive the world on the front ?
Or if a musician could get the music from his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups leading in neuroscience .
Both of them used MRI technology , MRI MRI , to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and their colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person looking at an image .
The middle of the media shows the brain scan of that individual individual as we imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right was created the content of the central spinal column on the left . You see that the difference is almost .
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between looking at an image and imagining that same image is almost .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is the lab of Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They managed to turn the brain waves into recognizably visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while their brains were <unk> in order to create a big pool of reactions in the brain of video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as long as they get a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain information of the scanning scan , to show what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right you can see the computer manuals , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This is going to be <unk> .
We 're right close to that .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you see a picture , and when you imagine that same image , you create the same mapping of the same mapping .
This led to the brain scanning brain scanning systems today , and their resolution was a thousand times in the last few years .
We now need to increase the resolution for a thousand times more to get a deeper look at .
How do we do that ?
There 's a lot of techniques to do that .
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer me for that .
Many of you are proposing new projection techniques by images , even me . Tell them with the recent MRI result , first we have to ask the following , this technology will be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , the more <unk> magnets only offer small improvements in resolution , do n't increases by thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this care ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to do really big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> of clever , shiny solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and receptors of frequency radio systems in MRI systems .
At its time , instead of a uniform field , we use this , we use acoustic magnetic patterns in the frequencies of FM radio .
So by combining magnetic patterns with patterns of processing radio processing patterns , we can increase the mass of the information that you can get into a single scan .
Also , we can then divide up into layers of our growing knowledge of the brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just blood fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and maybe even the direct neural activity , this is sleep .
We will be able to put our ideas in a direct way to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move over the language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are great questions .
It would be compelling used as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We have a few more options than opening up this door .
Of all , choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it 's going to be much more .
We have to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not just a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have closets .
Her closet is probably to tell you a person for the first time that the loves or tell someone who is pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any difficult conversation for which you have gone through life .
So all of my closet is a difficult conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and have gone out of that closet .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working on the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through various stages of <unk> <unk> : I did n't make my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> I gave Franco a litany .
And I 'll be slope by the <unk> of my little pants pants , and I 'd been asked my head a little bit , and I would usually ask a little kid , `` Hey , you 're a girl or girl ? ''
And it would appear as awkward silence at the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother gave a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and let me go through .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself the next time I would say something .
I would have that conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
<unk> silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get in a full of the women 's issues on the table . I had Betty <unk> quotes .
Gloria Steinem 's quotes .
Even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that would show .
And then I took a deep breath and my back and my back was a little pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a <unk> mourning , just a little girl with a question : `` Are you girl or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath back , and I got a lot of a lot about her , and I said , `` Hey , I know that this is something about it .
I have my hair just like a kid 's kid , and I 've got a little girl , and I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to wear a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a pink dress .
So I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl stares at me , paying attention , and said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and it has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just `` Ah , when you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> that I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation for anyone ever had .
And why ? Because the girl 's girl and I , both , we were honest with the other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some closets in my life , and yes , often , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But in the dark , you ca n't know what color are the walls .
You just know how it feels like living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Now , I 'm going to give you a hundred reasons why I get out of my closet , it was more difficult than coming out of his , but this is the thing : the hard thing is not relative .
It 's hard .
Who can tell me that to explain to someone who have declared banking , it 's more difficult to tell you that he 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your son of five years that you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop classify what it 's hard for us to do about what difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closets and we need to just feel empathy because we all live something difficult .
At some point in our lives , we all live in closets , and they can make sense safety , or at least security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and high heel shoes .
It was n't the militant lesbian ready to fight any four year-old child in the coffee .
I was frozen out of fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , my gay grenade , and it will only move a muscle is the most scary thing ever ever done .
My family , my friends , strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint you , and now the world was turning around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't throw that grenade , you kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of us knew that I was gay , and when I did my hair 's work of honor , in my black dress and heels , and walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents ' friends were , people who were known to me .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` <unk> , ever were you in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yes , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard that it 's great . ''
`` Do you meet my <unk> Antonio ?
It 's very good , and he has never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace .
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but in waiting to show her support , to get me to know that I was on my side , finally he said to me , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , as you have all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realizing the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but do n't work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
That 's how hard conversations are still without being my strong point .
Ask any one that I have left .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it implies out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
It 's going to get armor . Be you .
That girl in the coffee did n't have armor but I was ready for battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others must know we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Just break it . Get your patches .
If you know that they 're gay , they 're <unk> .
If they say to their parents that maybe they might be gay , they will maintain hope that that might change .
They will not give you a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- Leave the complex .
You communicate your truth .
I would never get rid of that .
And some of you can get safe wounded , <unk> by what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry for what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you might feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own own .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you get into a dark closet , I 've got a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And you can feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how the intelligence has seen , a productive example has been the famous quote from <unk> , which `` The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a sub can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a criticism of computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so , a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence .
Let 's step back a step .
First of all , let 's start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're from an alien race , which you do n't know about the biology of Earth or neuroscience of Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and they can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , as Earthlings , we know that the reason that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that you do n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept about the intelligence of the Earth , you would have to explain how to develop a physical theory to explain how , even at the time in time , the asteroids that would take on the surface of a planet mysteriously will stop .
And so I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of the intelligence .
So in this program that took place several years ago , I looked at a variety of topics through science , across various disciplines that pointed , I think , toward a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately fixed to the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that will promote the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in robotic motion planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills to maximize the future of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so taking all these different issues and <unk> them together , asked , for several years : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is yes . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've ever seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in the end of maximizing the future of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future of action , or keeping the choices open , with a force T , with the diversity of potential future accessible , yes to an impending time to be a future .
In a nutshell , the intelligence does n't like it to stay stuck .
Real intelligence is trying to maximize the future of action and keep the choices .
And so , by having this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How tiny is it ?
Does the level of human intelligence occur ?
Do you call it artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life should be tendency to be more favorable to conditions for more favorable to the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological the cosmological cosmological between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy , but actually comes directly from it ?
To find out , we developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find in .
Surprisingly , <unk> could happen multiple animal intelligence tests , play games of humans , and even earn money by making action , all of it without the best to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human foot without falling away , here we see <unk> balancing automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human technologies .
This ability for tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see <unk> can make a version of that task .
This ability of cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
So for example , we see successfully playing a role-play , versus itself , they will promote their potential for play .
Here we see <unk> orchestrate new connections to a social network where their friends are constantly constantly outside and kept the network successfully .
This same network capacity also has a network in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand globally its reach down to the Pacific .
Similarly , <unk> is widely applicable in defense and logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> spontaneously discovering and running a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of stock , successfully increasing assets under exponentially .
This risk of risk management will have huge applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as using tools , walking upright and social cooperation , they all derive from one single equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So let 's go back to the use of the term of the term , the `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you build smart machines , there would be cyber rebellion .
Machines went against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had the whole concept of the cyber rebellion in the reverse .
It 's not that the machines first get smart , and then they 'll go back and try to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than intelligence , that general intelligence can actually emerge directly from taking control , rather than the other way around .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of purpose .
I often ask me , how do you look for goals of this kind of framework ?
My equivalent of that statement to move to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future of action to the future of action and avoid the constraints in its own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've extended our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of potential planets orbiting other stars , which points that Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of the stars when the planets go ahead of them , and block a little bit of that light coming up with us .
The data gathered by Kepler show the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
Together , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and authoritarian as the Earth 's land planets , and also the amount of light that receive their suns .
At its time , this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure of worlds to potentially habitable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the hotter record .
<unk> and marine ice that have been with us for millennia , they 're now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused in global scale , they 're rapidly <unk> our ability to alter its course .
But I 'm not a scientific scientist , no astronomer .
I study the <unk> planet influenced by the stars , the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You might say that I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in the search of life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for planets like Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know best : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , to Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit further from the sun , you can consider a potentially habitable world demonstrated this by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , is why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' track its surface in search of the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit us , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has to lose their Goldilocks .
Public companies now offer not only short space flights , but also the possibility of living on Mars .
But despite all these images , we remind us to remind us of our planet deserts , places that are linked in our imagination with the <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still have left to colonize , places that are really compared to Mars .
Even in the driest and highest places on Earth , air is cool and filled with oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement from the colonization of Mars and other planets are going to be a great and sad shadow : the implication and the belief that some of Mars Mars will expect there to save us from this <unk> self-destruction of the only planet that we know is truly habitable , the Earth .
So I want to like the <unk> exploration , I 'm deep disagree with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is as opposed to figuring out that the captain of the Titanic will be place later on the <unk> . Thank you .
But the targets for <unk> exploration and Earth preservation is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
<unk> environments in our world look like alien aliens .
They just find them closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and keep these habitable spaces , in the hostile areas of the land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a mental experiment : the Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi physicist asked , in mind that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life to now .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced advanced enough to consider to continue to live between stars , they lose the notion of how important the planets are to protect the origin of the planets that are going to be protected .
It 's arrogant to think that only colonization <unk> will save us from ourselves , but the planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to address the hostile environments of Mars to the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , my own house .
And as I was on the front porch , looking at my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were at the dining table , where he had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine .
I thought I 'll call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from my friend 's friend to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe the next morning , and my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but it 's sure that it 's not more expensive than a half night at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I 'd stand right there .
I 'm a neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol , your heart rate goes up , you will take your adrenaline levels and get the thought .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in place , to avoid bad things to happen .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that you 're going to make a chance to be a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month after my thoughts , my thoughts .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed told him that I broke my passport , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a retrospective hindsight .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written about this a few years earlier , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , an expert team comes and trying to figure out what went wrong .
In the <unk> , as Danny explains , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong , then you try to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you about is some things we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , you 'll get a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years to follow the location of important things , where it 's good , where the fish are , which places the trees are <unk> , where tribes are friends and enemies .
And the hippocampus is the part of the brain that 's <unk> in the <unk> of London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment , cut the sense of <unk> of the squirrels and still find their nuts .
They were n't using smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved device in the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason to lose his car keys , sunglasses and passports .
So at home , a place for the keys , a hook next to the door , maybe an decorative plate .
For his passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading goggles , a particular table .
If you take a place , and you 're sort of <unk> with it , your stuff will always be there when you look for them .
What about the travel ?
Take the cell phone picture of your credit card cards , driver 's license , <unk> by mail to themselves so that they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can enable substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> the thought .
So part of <unk> practice is recognizing that under stress we wo n't be at the best , and you have to put systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you 're faced with a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And to talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is called a <unk> for all decision-making , and in fact for financial decision-making and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take from which you would benefit a rational assessment of facts .
So suppose they go to doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab and your cholesterol is a little high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , attack to heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having your high cholesterol is n't the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help you to reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about <unk> , and you know it 's one of the most prescription drugs in the world today , even you 're likely to know people who take them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , <unk> the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that should be asking for which most physicians do n't want to talk , and companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number you need to deal with .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or having surgery in any medical procedure before you can help a person .
And you must think of what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
Number one must be one .
My doctor did n't tell me something if they were n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's about scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But estimates of <unk> estimates that 90 percent of the drugs works just by 30 percent of the people .
So the number you need to treat the most widely prescribed <unk> , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it before they can help a person ?
300 .
This according to researchers ' cynical researchers , and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> by <unk> .
I just explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke , or another adverse event .
Now maybe think , `` Well , one chance you 're going to go down my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistic , and it 's , `` Get rid of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating to muscle pain and articulate , GI pain , but now they think , `` Five percent is not very likely to me , still taking medicine . ''
But a moment .
Just remember you ca n't think of clarity .
So , think about how to do this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , no ? A person has been helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed for the drug that will help you the drug .
I 'm not saying you should or not take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying that you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires , it 's part of the principle of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to these kinds of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
You 're probably thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the crash value , but actually this number needed to treat is pretty typical .
To the surgery that the more you do in the top of 50 , <unk> of prostate cancer , the number necessary to treat is 49 .
So it 's 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they produce 50 percent of patients .
Those include helplessness or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , probe , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before you ask questions that you can ask that we 're going to make the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice a lot of times , you want a shorter life from pain , or a longer life that might have much pain at the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and they think about their family and their loved ones .
You can change it in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that time is that a lot of systems go off .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
<unk> face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido , or the immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism on those things , it does n't react fast . You could get to be the lunch lunch , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational sense , like Danny <unk> and their colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is recognizing that we are all failing .
We 're all going to fail once in when .
The idea is to think about the future of how those bugs might be , to put systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
I went down to the snow night in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor , and I settled on a combination of combination along the door , with a key to the entry door to the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of messages I 've never read about .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means touch .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> on the score , you need to play more gently .
Two ' <unk> , even more soft .
Four . <unk> , extremely soft .
This is my drawing of a tree of the <unk> tree , there you see that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of , ' I have never been able to get a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American signs , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over the decade of 1800 , and over time , he mixed with local signs , and the language we developed today as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
But now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
Sound are a very important part of my life , really , in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs , behaviors and norms .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
So , I 'm learning and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't kick the door ! ''
`` Do n't do much noise when you eat the bag of chips . ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure you do n't scratch the covered in the dish . ''
I call it `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm a <unk> of the sounds .
And I 'm always waiting with summed up the sound , which is about coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see the <unk> does n't have notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and spots .
In the culture , we know , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , to make my thumb with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why I 've only got four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I 'd been working like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the tendency , and that struck me .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now , sound has come into my territory of art .
Is it happening to me more of the art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know that so well that you do n't just experience through your ears .
I can feel it properly , or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all that had taught me as much as to sound , I decided to leave it and go out .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was shocked by the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that sound was oblivious , it was a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could get to myself and my artistic work , or I could empower me .
I chose that I 'm going to tell you .
There 's a massive culture around the spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is like no voice whatsoever .
So I have to work with people who can be able to support me as well and become my voice .
That way , I 'm able to be relevant in the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for <unk> his voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like a loan to a very high interest rate .
If you wo n't continue with this practice , I feel that I could sort of play it in oblivion and do n't have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on the paper .
And the same can be said from a concept in <unk> .
The two are very , very , very <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the signals as the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you with a metaphor for the piano , so you can understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> lies in many different <unk> parameters .
If you map a different parameter for each finger , like facial expression , the movement of the hand , the speed , the way of hand and so , as the piano is playing , the English is a linear language , as if you 're left just a key at once .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , and you need the 10 fingers in a way to express a clear concept or an idea .
If only one key to change the chord , create a completely different meaning .
Same thing with music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different parameters , you can tell you different ideas .
For example , the <unk> sign on that .
This is the <unk> sign in that .
I 'm looking at you .
Hold off .
Oh , I 'm staying .
Ooh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah enough !
So I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign and put it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun comes out and it gets .
This is `` all day . ''
If you <unk> it , and you slow it down , you visually see it like a piece of music .
Every day .
I feel that the same thing can say from `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is the whole night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights , `` Last night , '' `` last night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents what the time is expressed and how time distance to body can express change in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is , `` I do a long example . ''
Then , `` Last '' -- and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once , `` Once there was a time . ''
`` Time '' is a musical term with a specific pace of four times a compass .
However , when I look at the word `` ordinary time '' I think automatically in the same time .
Watch <unk> : <unk> , E : <unk> .
We have the <unk> through your head and the chest .
[ Face ] [ Face ] : <unk> , limb limb ] [ Time ] ] [ unclear ] : E , limb limb , I 'm going to show you a shape of the hand called `` limb limb . ''
Can you do that with me ?
Everybody with my hands .
Now we 're going to do it both in my head as a chest , something like `` ordinary weather '' or `` the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` fall in love in the international system . ''
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and the signs of signs around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization , '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job everybody .
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in your head and their chest . But they convey very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and prosperous , like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> has no sounds , it automatically has a social value .
We have to start questioning what 's defines social value and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , no sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And perhaps people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learning <unk> , and not you have to hear about learning music .
<unk> is a rich treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents told me , `` You can get it all up , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination carried me all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or a bubble of ignorance , I should say , because adults would lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth .
By getting older , I found out that adults also know that they 're not very good to clean the others from others .
The time happened , now I 'm an adult and teach citizenship and invention in the school of Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach with lots of garbage .
So , as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and no , they 're not drinking alcohol , and if he 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's a scary thing .
And in the last few decades , we 've been getting out of these large ships and networks , and we 've been getting these pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and we 'll implement this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use these huge boats .
So along with my students , with ages from six to 15 years , we dream about making a better way .
We have transformed our tiny room in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this table of work with <unk> , so that the kids very <unk> can be able to participate .
And I 'll tell you , children who manipulate electrical tools are great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
We do that .
I leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to figure out something that we expect to work .
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited about the robots .
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype .
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we ended up before lunch .
And we transformed light bulbs and web cameras on accessories and we stitch it into a floating robot that will move slowly by water and by the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the plastic bits floating through the sensor through the sensor as the computer on board to process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get an indicator of the amount of plastic in the water .
So let 's take this plate step on a website for inventors called <unk> , and the hope that someone will improve it even more .
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you 're going to look at this picture .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning up a oil spill , just using your hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil are also brown brown and when everything mixes , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So , we built a first prototype of a imam that can sink through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
And we 'd put this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
[ I can investigate a problem at a distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little bit further , maybe address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French half , and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it had several giant waves , called tsunami , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the East coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukushima , a nuclear central nuclear power station .
And today , according to the reports of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the whole Pacific Ocean has traces of <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it 's really safe , it 's blue .
Well , reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and researching independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and we wanted to take the kids .
Of course we do n't take them , the parents did n't allow them to .
But every night we reported the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the work seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with their entire life .
Together with them we discussed the data that day , and we talked about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> , and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the elevation map , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimation .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the closest to nuclear central to date .
We zoom up to 1.5 miles of nuclear power , and with the help of fishermen , we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a tracker tracker we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , too with open-source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even begun trying to solve the problems .
I wonder whether we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became a little bit small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turn it into the largest space and environmental and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , some biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where the adults and the kids can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become true with adult help , and where adults can be a child again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We do things like , can we invent the future of renewable energy ?
For example .
Or well , can we help in the advanced population transforming their lawn chairs in new electrical vehicles ?
The plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposing design .
One is made of thousands of steel pieces , the other one of a silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is imposes on the environment , the other creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other for her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the gross marble when he looked at a figure that 's being free .
<unk> was only a tool of Michelangelo .
But living beings are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we took all the information that took it for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the world 's world has been dominated by producing and production .
<unk> lines have dictated a world made out of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and architects to think of their objects as <unk> parts with different functions .
But you 're not looking at <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The backs of the back are thicker with little pores .
You operate mainly as filter , the other primarily as barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there is no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that vary its functionality through the variation of elasticity .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and architect to work currently between the <unk> and the gene , between the assembly and the organism , between the assembly and growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right hemisphere , analysis and synthesis , is shown in the two screens after me .
My job , on its simplest level , is about bringing these two visions of the world , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering , why now ?
Why was n't it possible , 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where four disciplines have to offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please know the minds and my students ' hands .
We design objects , products , structures and tools through scales , large-scale structures , like this robotic arm , with a path that one day not too distant to print entire buildings , and graphics at the nanoscale made by genetically modified microorganisms .
Here we have <unk> the latticework on , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every aperture is unique to shape the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> <unk> . It 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Along with <unk> 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D lap with no seams between the cells . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This is a helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments , it allows you to design products that will become not just the form of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair to structural , comfortable and also absorbs sound .
The Carter teacher , my collaborator , we went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this irregular surface , it becomes <unk> .
So , you know , this surface of 44 different properties , that vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Its surface , as in nature , changes its functionality , not by addition to another material or another assembly , but continuously continuously , the material property .
But is the ideal nature of nature ?
Is there not parts in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she <unk> , `` In the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made trees up trees , cortex , water and flowers .
The Earth created a world made out of parts .
I often ask , `` What would design be if objects were doing one piece ? ''
Will we have a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material that 's the <unk> tree , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we can tune into their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it a legal <unk> . We asked a lot of shrimp husks and <unk> them and produced <unk> pasta .
<unk> chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple <unk> nozzles .
The robot could change the properties of material properties , and create these structures made of one single material half , long , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are lists , it stops them to find a natural shape in the contact of the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms <unk> that first showed up on the planet 3.5 billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Along with our collaborators at Harvard , and MIT , <unk> bacteria designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition out of <unk> beams , and if you broadens it further , to windows .
A little <unk> tree .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water , and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we have made a <unk> structure of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects designed to biodegrade , on the sea , <unk> the marine life , and put them on the ground , will help grow a tree .
The adjustment for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the ability to create clothes to keep life for travel travel .
To do that , we need to dominate the bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made by additive form and biological shape .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , only rather than <unk> metals , new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 're going to take our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , you combined two microorganisms .
The first one is <unk> .
He lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lives in the human intestine .
One converts the light in sugar , the other sugar consumes , and produces useful in the building environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They are here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothes .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but by design .
To contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , that will help they flow these bacteria and to turn their function on their way .
So we started to grow these channels in the human body , and we will bring the properties of the material that we wanted to do .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we have more transparent channels .
This wearable digestive system , when you stretch out one end , it scales 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going to be at TED , our first laptop wearable channels , brilliant liquids channels in clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're last creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we bring our skin into the skin , do n't hold the broken tissue and get through our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So , you know , you know that a 3D printer made material in layers .
It also knows that nature does n't do that .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're <unk> .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It makes it through the combination of not two materials , but two of these proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , uniting those fibers to each other .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first goes on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to get a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
With the end of understanding how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a worm silk worm .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm in a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that we would take a close-up and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that shape , composition , of cocoon , are transmitted directly by the environment .
It 's often taken into the silk worms to death inside their cocoons , their silk gets rid of and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates can form raw silk without boiling one cocoon .
They 're <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot making silk , and we put ourselves in our site .
We knew that silk worms to darker and cooler areas , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays from light and heat , distributes the silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
We made thousands of silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after you feed them four weeks , they were prepared to get rid of us .
We put them very carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and as they 're <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and the life starts again , like us , but much , much more short .
Ron Fuller said that tension is the big integrity , and he was right .
By getting rid of biological silk about <unk> silk , they give this whole of this pavilion .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , you have thousands of <unk> silk worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A <unk> silk by a robotic arm , the other full empty arm .
If the last design frontier is to give life into products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must bring these two visions of the world together .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , that leads us to a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature , which demands for us , for the first time , that we 're in charge of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time ?
They can be able to grab your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I was like the English , the <unk> and the art of the websites , and it 's also playing the guitar on a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You might have heard about us .
And in general , I like to try and persist anyway , for having a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this sense of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm struck by something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get myself into it , and I 'm going to leave myself , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my way , '' and then again , where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this into a career .
I thought that I had to choose one thing , denying all my other passions , and I would go to <unk> .
Another reason that I had so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something wrong with me was n't going bad at all .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or to <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have a shot on .
Ask yourself , where learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned , they learned about the culture .
You ask first question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is that nobody cares about that age .
It 's considered a naive question to cause nice answers to children like , `` I 'll be an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be a dancer or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to see the Halloween suit here .
This question is done over and over again , as you grow up in various ways , you know , early on , to high school students , you ask them to pick in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the nice exercise of before what you get out of sleep .
Why ?
Now , while this is inspired by kids to dream about what they might be , it 's not inspired to dream with everything they might be .
In fact , it 's just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer with 20 different things , even though well-intentioned adults do n't laugh and say , `` Oh , how nice , but you ca n't be the artisan of violins and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Berners-Lee , and he 's a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And that Amy Ng , editor of magazine turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of <unk> is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real vocation , the idea that each of us has something to do about your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and to dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are a lot of different issues that show up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do ?
There is no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel alone .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And I feel there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that .
It could help if it divides in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we would take the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was fine in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> is about us as `` scanners . ''
Do n't get any term you like or put yourself in your own .
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we can not agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> like limitation or woe you must beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there is huge strengths in being this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
That is , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their interests on cartography , data visualization , travel , math and design , and started <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates inspired <unk> .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this idea only for its eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's what new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all of their background , can access a lot of these points of intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is the rapid learning .
When we were interested in something , we go to it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , for having been a lot of times in the past , and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new area that we 're looking for , so we rarely start from zero .
<unk> <unk> is a full-time <unk> and an independent writer .
As a child , I refined an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before becoming a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling tosses for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to go to what you 're going to do , even if at the end of the leaves .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is adaptability . I mean , the ability to transform anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other , <unk> of pages , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their customers .
<unk> Company Company adaptability as the most important skill for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , which we actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability -- three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that might lose if they 're a pressure to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in foster people who are themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need <unk> creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
<unk> of the belly , knowing because they wanted to be neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams make up a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put into practice ideas , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 're dealing with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , the <unk> largely are encouraging them to just be more like their specialized fellow partners .
I once said this , if there 's one thing that you can take from this talk , I hope that this is : <unk> with the internal wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to go through all the media .
That 's where you 'll give the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including the ones that you 've just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes , I say , `` Tell them to their own many passions .
Keep his curiosity for those <unk> <unk> .
<unk> intersections .
<unk> our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and more happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us .
Thank you .
In 1901 , a woman named <unk> took him to a institution in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
I did n't know how to help <unk> , but let me go through it until , unfortunately , he passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and they found strange plates , and he rolls in the brain of <unk> , a guy who had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If you would have been alive today , we could n't give it more help that <unk> gave him 114 years .
<unk> was Dr. Alzheimer 's disease .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer disease .
Now , in spite of medicine , medicine has really advanced .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from infection , many treatments for cancer , drugs for HIV , <unk> for HIV and much more .
But gradually it has been made up in Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm a part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for over a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimers now affects 40 million around the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live until 85 or more , your chance to get Alzheimer 's disease almost one of each .
In other words , there is the likelihood that their years is going to happen with Alzheimer 's disease or helping to take care of a friend or be dear to Alzheimer 's disease .
Just in America , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
It 's the most expensive disease , and its costs required a five-year increase in 2050 , as the generation gets older , the boom .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's disease is one of the largest medical challenges and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death from all over the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that can not prevent or cure or even slow their development .
We understand less from Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases because we 've invested less time and money on the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and causes a year per year as much as cancer as cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what time people know , but everyone should -- Alzheimer 's is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , everyone , even , scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's .
We think that it will be <unk> in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only one looking at a picture of a healthy healthy brain compared to a Alzheimer 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to a severe loss of memory and mental abilities , the damage to the brain is caused by Alzheimer 's disease significantly , significantly hope of life , and it 's always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and <unk> strangers in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
We now know they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami .
There are places on the paper that are <unk> .
And when it folds well , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some of the divorced dots stay outside .
This makes the protein molecules <unk> each other , forming groups that can form big plates and rotate it .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's brain .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and identifying what step block is complex , like defuse a bomb .
It could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that you block it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in its most part , the cables have been reduced and waited for the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemists , physicists , engineers , mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process , and now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
Let me show you some of our latest results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
So let 's look at some videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving normally .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick to each other , like humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they are clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a very positive outcome , but the research like this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But in order to grow that hope , to overcome Alzheimer 's disease , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and that if we try it , we can turn it out .
In the case of other diseases , patients and families have introduced more R & D , pharmaceutical and pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to progress on HIV treatment in the late '80s .
Today we see that same unit to overcome cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers on their loved ones day and night , are often too hard to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimers is not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
There are 40 million patients like <unk> , which can not create the change they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the column of Modern Art , in January of this year .
In love with someone , I do this .
The article about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience when I try it myself a night last summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers were going to be 36 and more personal and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 're going to get to another person ?
And just ?
<unk> , these are getting more personal .
Number 30 : -- this really , I like -- Tell your partner what you like about him or her , and I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I first came across this study a few years ago , a detail really called me the <unk> , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had a chance to test this study , with someone who I knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
However , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the spinal War , a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's now August , so I guess some of you probably wonder : they keep together yet ?
And the reason I think this is because I 've been asking this question over and over over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the issue .
One week before the article was put in was very nervous .
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views as a lot , and that was usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would reach a few thousand views .
And that came up with a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he gave , I had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And the Sunday , I already had called the Today Show `` Show '' and the Good <unk> America .
In a month , the article received over eight million hits , and I was , by saying something , little ready for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster trust writing honestly about their own love experiences , but something else is to discover that loving life from an international news has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , they always did the same question : still follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick quest in my email in my email with the phrase , `` still follow together ? ''
And several messages appeared immediately .
They were students and journalists and rare welcoming ones like this .
I was interviewed at the radio and they asked him .
And I even gave a talk , and a woman shouted to the stage , `` Hey <unk> where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people comfortable comfortable about it .
But I was n't prepared for the breadth of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have <unk> themselves .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's , who included the experiences of the readers to test the study in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved for my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
And he 's called television interviews , and he opted orders from the photos of us .
I think I was afraid to become the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , a range of that I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really works : I mean , if it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , love love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship had just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people made the wrong question .
How do we know if we were going to go together or not , and then then they would say that ?
If the answer was no , the experience of doing these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of research was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was searching for interpersonal approach to college students , using what Aron called <unk> , progressive , mutual staff .
It sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants felt closer to the participants after doing it , several later studies also used the <unk> <unk> protocol as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction among strangers .
They have used it among members of the police and the community , and they have used between people of opposing political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to shyness : I tried the study , and it did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I mean , you want to say that you would tell you about the person who did you do it ?
Well , he did a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And then , did they get better friends ?
Did you feel so much better to get better after testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking at when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the study for the first time when I was 29 , I was going through a really difficult separation .
He had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was actually practically my whole adult life , and he was my first real love , and I had no idea how or he could live without him .
So I went through to the science .
So I did all I could find about the science of romantic love , and I was hoping that that could sort of love the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just researching the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought , if I was built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad as I sat at that .
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence in requiring what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than you can demand me .
What look for love is a warranty , not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow , but I will keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love .
It may be the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were even together .
The story that the media talked about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate some of the implicit risk , and this is a very attractive story , because in love to make us feel beautifully , but it 's also scary .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The version of the story that question : still follow together ?
And their content with an response response or no .
So , more than a question , I would propose that we ask questions more difficult , questions like : How do you decide who your love deserves , and who does n't ?
How will you stay in love when things get ready , and how do you know when to cut and distance themselves ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with the doubt of your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what to love someone .
So , if you want the brief version of the story of my relationship , it 's this ; a year ago , a known one and I applied a designed study to create romantic love , in love in love , we still keep together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article article : Love did n't happen .
They fell in love because we take the choice to be .
And I shudder to read it now , not because I 'm not true , but because at the moment , I had n't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice .
I did n't consider how many times we have that decision to make that decision , and how much times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before , if I always choose or not .
I want you to be enough to have done and respond 36 questions , you have chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun and you would have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what maybe spending my life searching for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I actually did n't write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he also love me , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a couple of lesbian in full of a mountain , and in a way , I was just like a <unk> of the forest .
In New York City , a while ago , something that really affected me , but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
So I took a box of wood , and I took a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strange humanoid humanoid or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and they would find out how our kind of <unk> ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
But anyway , it 's kind of grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
And at a time , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from field and surf and all those strange things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took it up all the pages and I took a kind of <unk> <unk> , and I wrapped up the resin and a bee I did , and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I put more resin on the canvas , thinking I could make it out .
Instead , the opposite happened , in a way , it seemed to be used size , as if you 're going to get the text out of a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out on the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate them to tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow together , draw the same as a body ago in the crime scene .
And I took the objects out and created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , botanical -- that you can be able to get an idea .
Then I did some insects and weird creatures .
It was so fun to draw in the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend for dinner for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in the human form , the sculptures of resin , natural size with pictures of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night , thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
So I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that are a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work would be very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
For the Judge , I was inspired by a large measure in `` The garden of delight , '' from Hieronymus Bosch that is a painting at the <unk> Museum in Spain .
You know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a bit ahead of their time .
Well , the triptych . <unk> this piece .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
5.5 meters long .
It 's got twice , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They 're going out of the world of representation , this underworld of analog things where they hide .
This is where creatures with animal heads , they go to a beacon , ready to kill themselves in mass <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is made of thousands of elements .
This is a bird strapped to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea , the Horizon , the platform -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> -- the refuge of Osama Bin Laden , there are all kinds of rare things that you can find if they look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand goes down clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of `` triptych . ''
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand that it spits out .
And then , when you go on the other side , you have a nose , like a bird peak , and it spits out clouds of this nose .
It 's also a <unk> tail , a snake tail that binds the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , its tail turn on fire by a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that happen , you know .
Her tail ends up in an <unk> balloon made from 1986 .
Did you see them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards from terrorists .
It 's very <unk> for your time . This leads me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a file of our culture , through media and material are encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of a file in a way of a human being , and travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking me years .
Each one is basically a microscope <unk> that weighs pounds with a human trapped inside .
This has a little cave on the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> the input .
I 'm going to show you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of your chest , and you 're covering the penis or <unk> , or whatever you have , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick practice of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There 's a little bit of pills coming out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene in the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This leads me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Project <unk> .
It 's a physicist in this box , a physicist , a painter , a painter , a musician , a writer , a <unk> , a museum , a school , an editorial arm , which spreads all the content that we do in the world , and a garden .
They took the box and all the people in place hits each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way we change the world .
When you believe who it is and the box you 're living in .
And together we get to realize that we all are together in this , that this illusion that we 're different , these concepts of countries , from borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness and Hallmark , we 're going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when it hurts your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill have an effect on pain , first goes through the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
I 'm going to take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system for any drug that you have a effect on the body .
The downside , however , is that by <unk> any drug it gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these are <unk> to decrease the amount of viruses in blood , and increase the cell count cells .
But they are also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that they take to the blood stream , it will be <unk> , and even worse for the time that it takes to get to their destination , which is where it 's more important , in the HIV storage .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead and does n't have a lot of in the bloodstream of patients who are <unk> the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the treatment for treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the drugs that we have today is a treatment for life managed by <unk> .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for wounds of wounds and diabetes , you can be used for anything you can think of , including transportation 's transportation .
In fact , we 're using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , that open and closing cells almost immediately cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
The best people are asked , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small and potent beam laser about the cell membrane infected with HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser is going through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug on the point of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately instantly .
We 're testing this technology in vitro or petri plates , but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we will make an incision to the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is going to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> passing the drug , releases it directly into the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't look very much .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total of HIV in the body .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of any HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied non-state armed groups : military organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
They 're doing what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these generators generators and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do fieldwork , in the world of politics and the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost everything conflict in course , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and actors .
For example , from the <unk> peace agreements between 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups ; we even need to engage or engage in any process of resolution for successful conflicts .
But how do we do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons they 're fighting , how they do it , but nobody sees what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and politics are not related .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We can not understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known by his violent agreement against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
In the same way , the Palestinian Palestinian attacks , known for their suicide suicide attacks , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups do more than simply shooting .
These are multitasking .
And they would take a complex machinery of communication : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here 's the ISIS magazine , printed in English and published to recruit .
<unk> groups also invest in a complex fundraising , without looting , but through profitable business , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also make something more : create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they 're putting into professional training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
Social groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't provide -- safety and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in Afghanistan ripped by war , or even the beginning of ISIS promotion , can also be able to also identify the efforts of these groups to deliver safety .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an endless price for population .
But in general , providing social services means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap , and it allows these groups to build and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 of Palestinian Hamas can not be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we analyzed the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They are growing because they fill gaps left by government , and they emerge as groups and politicians , participate in violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and more sophisticated , they are these organizations , less we can think of as something opposite to a state .
How do I call a group like <unk> ?
They 're taking part of a territory , running all its functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , with no state and hybrids , and the more weak , the states , like in the Middle East , more intervene and fill that gap of non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in no military tools .
They 're going to get that gap of government to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important also to establish and put peace .
If we better understand groups of armed groups , we 'll understand better than incentives to provide the transition from violence to nonviolence .
In this new dispute between states and actors , military power can win some battles , but not to give us peace or stability .
To achieve these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum vacuum , to fill that gap gap that enabled these groups thrive in a beginning .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure like a woman and a woman .
My views of gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid we 'll accept openly the feminist label would be unfair for the feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I 'm going to tell myself as a bad feminist .
Or at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started to call me the <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and an deliberate course , it has become a bigger thing .
Let me take a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and 20 years old , I had weird ideas about the feminists , these women <unk> , angry with men and hated sex . As if that was bad .
Today , I see how women are being treated throughout the world and anger , particularly , seems like a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people when he was using that might be a feminist .
It will be labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo , disgusting word .
I was shocked as a woman who does n't follow the rules , who asks too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's the same or higher to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I was growing up , I started to accept that I am , in fact , a feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
It 's the same pay for the same work .
We have a right to travel through the world as whether it 's whether or whether or violence .
We have right to use in an easy way and accessible to contraception and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , no need for legislative controls or doctrines themselves .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to count our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , and the social condition , skills and a lot more .
We need to have these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap music to all volume .
Even though the letter degrades women and so offends me , the classic `` Salt <unk> , '' of the yin <unk> is amazing .
`` Make it true with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give you <unk> , until the shell hurts . ''
Think about it .
Do you do poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified by my musical tastes .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- every household tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> , the <unk> and the maintenance of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I 'm sorry of the fashion magazines and the nice things .
I can see , `` The <unk> '' and romantic comedies , and I have a sharp fantasies of <unk> stories that are actually made .
Some of my crime are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to take the name of his husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
Now , the conventional feminism is that conventional feminism has bypassed or <unk> , historically , the needs of women in color , the workers , gay and transgendered , for white women , heterosexual , middle class and high .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
It 's also the following : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put running feminist on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're looking at perfection .
When we were <unk> , we retired them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster -- I 've already been excited about that pedestal before I try to put myself there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' for fear of what that tag means , for fear not to be able to fulfill the unrealistic expectations .
Let 's take an example to <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In the <unk> Music Music Video 2014 , MTV , <unk> , in front of the word `` feminist '' about three feet tall .
It was a magnificent show , and seeing this pop star cover openly feminism and making women and young men to be a feminist is something to be proud of .
They spent the time , cultural critics started arguments if they were <unk> or no feminist .
He took his feminism , rather than simply believe the word of an adult and grown woman .
<unk> perfection of the feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need so damned damned .
We 're going to go much beyond the sensible and constructive criticism , to keep the feminism of any woman , tear it up until there 's nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
Bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the point of starting .
But what happens next ?
We went from recognizing our flaws to giving up , going to action and be a little more courageous .
If I hear demeaning music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until they <unk> the change affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does his music have its music to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to have a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two great little girls , and it 's made and brilliant , and also very brave . I want to grow up in a world .
Where they are being appreciated by the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option is within a much easier thing to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program comes to sexual violence against women like sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change your radio signals when we heard songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to film in another part when movies does n't treat women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports , where athletes treat their fellow partners .
In any case , men , especially men , especially white men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your magazine , to participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't bring a number for enough women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also inspire them to be , even as we are welcome to overcome barriers to the decisions .
We are not groupers <unk> . Without these efforts , without taking these positions , our accomplishments are going to mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and hope that our decisions are coming to the top , people in the power directors and producers and <unk> , CEOs , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create lasting change and significant change .
We can also tell with our feminism , good , bad , or anything .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> '' says , `` I 'm thinking to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say it , especially , because the ancient man my voice was stolen , and feminism helped me .
There was an incident .
I call this incident in front of what happened .
A few kids would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I 'm going to tell my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'm staying in a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and of the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little bit brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to do anything .
And in the other hand , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say , and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little courageous , when you need such courage .
Just after Christmas year , <unk> children in California had measles measles , because she was exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting over 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but a lot of children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something allegedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that unleashed the argument about autism and vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a willful fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Does n't most intelligent scientists believe that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents all around the world continue to recognize that vaccines will put in danger to their children from autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase estimates in the time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians that I 'd heard about it creates their entire professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued on only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
fundraising groups like <unk> <unk> are routinely routinely refer to autism as an epidemic , as if you could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask the people in the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta , what 's going on , tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic and <unk> detection '' to explain these growing figures .
But that kind of language do n't <unk> a lot of fears of a young mother looking for her son 's face , the visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale up , why were they so tight at first ?
Why were the such hard autism cases to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cautious science that with the <unk> power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us everything about how we got here and where we need to go .
The first story starts with a psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , and in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed like private worlds , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
You could have fun for hours by shaking their hands in their face , but they were prey to panic by <unk> as when they did n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of the treated patients on their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the primary authority of the world on the subject , I 'd seen that I 'd seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as they pick references from places as distant as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria for the diagnosis of autism was very <unk> .
For example , let me give you that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
One time he had turned on , he 'd become 9 of 10 children sent by other doctors to his office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and cold parents .
These kids , he said , they 've kept a little refrigerator on a refrigerator that did n't happen .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of his young patients had special skills to put together in certain areas like music , math and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they were two years old .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , stating things like the kids were just obsessed with what they 'd heard their parents would have heard , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became source of shame for families , and two autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of <unk> that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , the cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of <unk> mothers were pretty stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called black-eyed Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a little girl with no support , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend from the National Health Service that was needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have done 30 years before .
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
It was a suburb from London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What they saw was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was so much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination by astrophysics , in dinosaurs or the genealogy of the <unk> .
In another way , these kids did n't fit into nice squares and <unk> , as Judith said , and saw a lot of them , much more than the <unk> <unk> model would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did nobody did n't realize these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in 1944 , the year after the <unk> article , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article from the competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioning in his own job .
There was n't even a translation of English , but luckily , the <unk> husband was speaking German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who was an integrated clinic with a school school in Vienna in the 1930s .
Now , the ideas of Asperger 's teaching children with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with music exercises , and kids follow their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability that required forms of support and tuned space over the course of life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called them their little teachers , and he took to help in the development of education methods that were especially suited to them .
Basically , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in known archetypes in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the <unk> professor .
He was beyond even saying , for success in science and art , a little bit of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found that <unk> was wrong in which autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were the <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Bankers Association to expand the diagnostic of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the late '80s and early '90s , their changes entered in place , <unk> the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive of Asperger 's .
These changes did n't fall in broken bag .
So , when I went back and Judith and Judith worked on the scenes to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I went out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a little bit of a circle , <unk> , just a little bit of a circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the `` Rain Man '' with four awards of the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents all over the world know what autism was .
At the same time , the first easy clinical tests were introduced to use to diagnose autism .
I did n't have a connection to that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son .
The combination of `` Rain '' the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnostics started to rise , just as they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact , they hoped that it was , getting people with autism and their families finally gather the support and services that are deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnostics , a simple , powerful , seductive story of credible history as well as the <unk> theory of autism was <unk> .
If the estimate of the prevention of prevention that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum , it 's correct , <unk> are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined up on the Internet to refuse the idea that these are the puzzles to solve for the new medical advances , the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think of terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does not work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to <unk> standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social disparities , and it suffers from a deficit of attention to detail .
Indeed , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still catching Asperger 's , which believed that the `` cure '' for the most autism aspects are in understanding teachers , <unk> , with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential for their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on cover in cover to <unk> the boat of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to lose a brain .
Thank you .
